You and Mom stand side-by-side at the sink, scrubbing dishes.
 
"I don't know what you're playing at... but it won't work!" she huffs.
 
"Geez. I can't just do something nice for you?"
 
"A twerp like you?" she laughs. "Let me fall over dead!"
 
You take the spray nozzle from the back of the sink and, with a flick of your wrist, nail her with a quick blast of warm water.
 
"Alabaster--!" she shrieks. Looking down at her soaked-through bikini top, her angry expression turns to a devious grin. She feints to the side, distracting you long enough to snatch the nozzle from you, and blasts you back in kind.
 
Dripping wet and annoyed, you barrel into her, tackling her to the ground. She cries out, laughing, as you you pin her under you.
 
"You brat!" she squeals.
 
"Be quiet, hey--" you grab both her wrists in one hand to keep her from hitting you. Reaching into the pocket of your swim trunks, you produce the teak jewelery box.
 
"For you," you say.
 
You lean back and let Mom take the box in her hands. She goes completely silent as she sits upright, examining it.
 
Her fingers are trembling as she opens the lid.
 
"You remembered..." she says.
 
"So how old are you today?" you ask. "Like 104 or something, right?"
 
Mom reddens and kicks you in the shin. "You're unbelievably crass!" But then, pulling the necklace from the case and holding in front of her: "this is beautiful..."
 
"Sorry it's not something more. Short notice-- I swear I had something much fancier hidden under my bed before the house went up in smoke..."
 
"Yeah right," she says. She unclasps the necklace and strings it around her delicate throat.
 
"Is it okay?" you ask.
 
"I love it."
 
She fixes you with a dewy gaze. "I know this isn't proper-- but-- can I sleep with you tonight?"
 
"--Excuse me?"
 
"O-only because your father's snoring keeps waking me up! That's all!"
 
"Don't slander my father. He sleeps like an angel."
 
Mom grouses, looking away.
 
"Let's go. The dishes can wait for tomorrow." You take her by the hand.
 
You drift wordlessly to your bedroom together. Her quivering, dainty hand is warm in you palm.
 
There's something freeing about dropping the facade. As you patter softly across the carpet of your bedroom and lie down, you both know what's about to happen, and neither of you are putting up fake insults to resist it.
 
You lie down. She curls up beside you.
 
"You've been having sex with other girls in here, haven't you," she says. "It's in the air..."
 
"Yeah."
 
"And with Vivian earlier today, too... in broad daylight, no less."
 
"Yeah."
 
"What am I going to do with you? A girl that young has no idea what she's doing."
 
"Well, that's sort of the appeal..."
 
She clucks in disapproval.
 
You run a hand through her hair and pull her in, kissing her on the lips. And there's something to be said for the methods of an experienced woman, too. Your nostrils fill with her flowery scent as her tongue dances across your mouth. Your past month or so of experience -- while extensive -- can't compete. She has you completely outclassed, so you decide to surrender to her while you can. Her lips, tongue, and even the pace of her breath, ravish your pliant mouth. She does exactly what she wants with you.
 
"I've waited so long for this..." she sighs, finally and completely honest.
 
You slide a hand under the straps of her bikini top and pull them down. She helps, wiggling out of the garment and letting it bunch around her belly. You admire her round, full, heavy breasts with their firm dark nipples, so tender and soft.
 
"You can... suck on them-- i-if that's the kind of perverted thing that excites you..."
 
You cusp one of her breasts lightly and draw the nipple into your mouth, pulling on it with forceful suction. It's warm and tantalizing against your roaming tongue. You half expect -- and sort of want -- her milk to pour down your throat. It would be warm and sweet like sugar, but nothing comes out despite your best efforts.
 
She reaches down between you and pulls at the hem of your trunks.
 
"Let me see it..." she purrs.
 
Just as she helped you, you help her, kicking off the nylon swimwear. You roll onto your back, lying before her, completely naked and painfully hard.
 
Mom props herself up on one elbow and stares admiringly at your member. It twitches and drools a tiny strand of precum on your stomach.
 
"It's so big," she says. "My son's manhood..."
 
She reaches out and clasps it in her hand, tugging the foreskin deliciously back and forth, smearing the glans with the slimy precum. Involuntarily, she licks her lips.
 
"Can we..." she starts, but trails off.
 
"You're the birthday girl," you say. "And besides, you're supposed to be showing me how it's done, right?"
 
Mom smiles. She pulls down her bikini bottom. But instead of throwing it aside, she holds it up, dangling it in front of your face. The crotch is sodden and darkly stained. You can smell her special scent -- it's like a combination of your own genital musk and your sister's, fittingly enough. It's intoxicating. It makes your eyes cross.
 
"Look," she says. "Look how wet you made your mother... you make me this wet every single day. That's not fair, is it? You need to treat me better."
 
She sets the bikini bottom aside and rolls onto you, straddling your waist.
 
It feels different than you expected as she rubs her cunt lips against your swollen cock. You look down, and your jaw hangs open in surprise.
 
"I did that for you," she says. "Do you like it, darling?"
 
Her pussy is shaved completely bare -- it's as smooth as little Vivian's was. Her pussy lips in all their pink glory wrap wetly around your member, gliding up and down with barely any friction.
 
"It's--" you choke.
 
She reaches down and takes your hands in hers. Kissing you in the precise opposite way a woman should kiss her son, she allows her saliva to mix with yours and her tongue to once more explore your wanting mouth.
 
"Perverted woman," you say.
 
"So you like it, then?" she asks, rubbing herself against you indecently, her arousal coating your dick.
 
"It's great ...You're great."
 
She smiles.
 
"This cunt is yours now," she says. You inhale sharply at these words. "Use it whenever you want. Please-- use it every day..."
 
She slides up the length of your cock so the head is positioned at her welcoming entrance. And then, cooing wantonly, she fucks your prick inside of her, taking the entire length in one hard thrust.
 
You grunt. Her hands clasp yours tightly and she nuzzles your neck.
 
"Mmm-- we fit together so well... don't you think?"
 
"Yes," you moan. The folds and crevices of her interior walls perfectly cradle your churning cock. You pump as she bounces atop you, stirring up her lewd insides. Her firm calf muscles and belly strain with the exertion. Sweat coils down her body.
 
"Am I better than those other silly girls?" she asks.
 
You shower her with open-mouth kisses and tender groans of affection, but she presses the issue. With her cunt rhythmically massaging your aching, needful cock, she asks again: "am I better?"
 
"Yes... yes, you're better... you're the best--"
 
"Alabaster!" she cries, cumming herself. "I love you!"
 
"I love you, too--"
 
"Cum inside of me! I want all of it inside of me! Ahhhnnnn~~"
 
You clasp her soft, pliable butt and force her down, holding her in place. She bites her lips so hard they bleed and wags her hips back and forth like a fucking dog as she orgasms around you, again and again and again.
 
"Mom--" you pant. "Mom, I'm gonna--"
 
"Do it! Do it!"
 
You cry with sweet release as your cock flexes, pulses, and ejaculates inside your mother's hot cunt. You fill her with your incestuous seed. You cum with such force that you can actually hear the muffled spurt of the creamy explosion. The cum dribbles out around you, all over her pussy lips and your balls, as you share a deep, dreamy, loving kiss.
 
GIRLS FUCKED: 5/6
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!

You wake to the obnoxious squawk of seagulls and the glare of tropical sun streaming through your sheer satin curtains.

The one saving grace is Mom's arms and legs wrapped snugly around you, cuddling you close to her warm and buxom figure. You could lie against that softness forever.

Like Cerise, she has a bad habit of kicking you in her sleep, but you're slowly learning to sleep through it too.

Whitney is sitting in a wicker chair in the corner when you come to.

"Incest is wrong, you know," Whitney says, smiling.

"So is coming into someone's room unannounced. How long have you been there?"

She shrugs. "About an hour. You Soliloquys sleep so late. I came here for a midmorning quickie but you were so cute all cuddled up with Mrs. Soliloquy like that, I figured I'd watch you for a while. It's peaceful."

You pull away from Mom's sleeping form and sit up in bed.

"Do you think I'll have a body that rockin' when I'm 97, too?" Whitney asks.

"One can only hope."

Whitney looks down and grabs her mosquito bites in either hand, pushing them together and creating a rather pitiful faux cleavage in her bikini top. "I wonder if these will grow once I'm pregnant."

"Once you're--" you sputter.

But Whitney changes the subject before you have time to object. "You keep breaking rule 1..." she pouts, looking back up at you. "...Oversexed motherfucker."

You doubt she even realizes her pun. "I never agreed to your rules," you say.

"Well, I'm making one more," she says. She stands up. "Rule 5: no rules."

"You're not very bright, are you?"

"But-- only with us-- err--" she stops to count on her fingers. "--Only with us six. No holds barred. And I'm changing rule 1, too. You have to let me join in whenever I want. No questions!"

"Allow me to reiterate: I agree to nothing."

"It's settled, then." She climbs onto the bed and looms over Mom, shadowing her.

"Ally, let's give her a massage."

"We aren't fucking her if she doesn't want it," you warn Whitney as she takes Mom's fleshy calf in her palms.

"Oh please. I'm not some kind of sex pervert. Besides...." she trails off and grins dreamily. "I jilled off in that chair a few times thinking about you two fucking each other, so I'm set for now."

"Not a sex pervert. Right."

Mom snaps into consciousness from Whitney's ministrations on her calf muscles. She sits bolt upright, looking down at Whitney's dextrous hands and impish face.

"Good morning, Mrs. Soliloquy."

"W-what are you--" she says. You quickly position yourself behind her and grip her at the union of shoulder and neck, pressing your thumbs into the bundle of muscle fibers that you recall from anatomy as the superior trapezius. See: cramming for quiz bowl can pay off.

Mom's face melts, her lips going all trembly and her face slackening from the dual sensations of you and Whitney double-teaming her. Looking over Mom's shoulder and down to her pale crotch, you can see her cream-spattered pussy begin to glisten with arousal.

"Your muscles are really tense, Mrs. Soliloquy. Are you stressed?"

"Y-you awful children are-- you're assaulting me-eeee--" she moans.

Whitney works her wandering hands up and down, exploring Mom's fleshy thighs, bulging calves, arched feet, and pear-shaped hips. She doesn't seem to have a definite pattern to her massage and probably doesn't know how to properly administer one. No matter. You're no maseuse, either. This is all just a pretext to lovingly grope her, anyway.

There's something deliciously perverted about molesting your mother with your girlfriend joining in. So sure, Whitney is a sex pervert -- you wouldn't have her any other way.

Mom throws her head back, cradling the back of her head against your shoulder. Her silky hair tickles you all over as you work her shoulders, neck, and back.

"S-stop-- stop--" she pleads powerlessly, but there are no brakes on this train.

Whitney's fingers draw nearer and nearer to Mom's cum-filled cunt every time she reaches the upward apex of her massage.

And then suddenly, despite her promise not to, she buries her face in her pussy. Her nose touches Mom's fat clit and you can hear the sound of her wagging tongue siphoning your cum from Mom's ravaged body. Mom bites the side of her hand to keep from squealing.

"Alabaster--" she groans, but doesn't finish the thought.

"Your pussy's so warm, Mrs. Soliloquy..." Whitney purrs. "Ally, turn her over."

You guide her down so she lies on her stomach. Mom's fat bottom and barest hint of lovehandles are somehow even lewder in contrast to Whitney's boyish figure. Whitney climbs onto her, lying tummy-to-back, and spreads Mom's luscious ass cheeks as wide as they'll go. The look on Whitney's face when she reveals her pulsing rosebud is like a little kid given a lifetime supply of candy.

Whitney dives in in and suckles, poking her slimy tongue into a probing tip. She moans sensually to herself as she orally molests her. She laps at her ass, perineum, and the bottom of her sopping pussy in long, slow, drooling strokes. Mom bites her pillow and tries to squirm away, but Whitney has her pinned.

"Mmmmf--" Whitney heaves, licking and sucking hungrily. At random intervals, she slaps Mom's ass. You watch the flesh of her butt jiggle with milky waves every time it happens, the surface slowly turning red under Whitney's assault.

You can't help yourself. You grip Mom by the hair and turn her face to the side, rubbing your horny cock against her flushed cheeks and full lips.

"Your dyke girlfriend is raping me..." she says. "Aren't you going to do something... ungf~... about-- unnnn~~"

She gulps hard as ripples of pleasure course through her.

"You like it, don't you? We can stop if you want."

"T-that's not the point-- you... you s-stupid..."

Even despite her weakening protest, she reaches out and takes your throbbing dick in her hands. You let go of your shaft and let her soft, damp palms work you. She jerks you off against her sweat-sheened face as Whitney's tongue works its magic on her from behind.

Maybe it's hereditary. You climax at the same moment she does. Mom practically shrieks as she cums herself silly, her jaw hanging open and making the perfect target out of her warm, inviting mouth. You push forward and lay your cockhead against her tongue, grunting as she milks rope after rope of semen directly into the back of her throat. She swallows it like ambrosia, savoring the taste. A few stray strands land on her chin and lips, which she dutifully scoops up and licks down as well.

There are few sensations better than relieving yourself in your own mother's mouth.

Whitney pulls Mom onto her back and shares a long, passionate kiss with her. A kiss Mom returns. Whitney's tongue roots around in her mouth as if trying to lick up the vestiges of your essence from here, as well. At the same time, Whitney paws and fondles Mom's enormous breasts. So much for this massage being chaste.

Whitney leaves Mom a twitchy, shuddering mess by the time she heads out to enjoy some sun on Gustav's beach.

You stay behind for a several more minutes to pick up where Whitney left off, tonguing wetly with Mom on your bed. You can taste the faintest hint of yourself in her mouth, but it's not unpleasant: it just adds to the wanton sensation of taboo. You lie atop her, practically smothered in her breasts and fleshy body, nursing on her tongue. Your still erect cock is nestled against her tummy, drooling precum into her navel.

And hey -- the massage actually worked, after all: Mom's muscles are loose and limber now. She lies limply on the bed, hardly able to move, and certainly not able to stand. Her pussy is engorged and coated in Whitney's thick saliva -- her inner thighs and ass, too. You know from experience how obscenely sloppy Whitney's blowjobs are, and her muff-diving isn't any different.

You finally stand. You walk to the window. From the bed, Mom stammers: "y-you'll be doing that again, right? -- N-not that I enjoyed it! I just... I just need to know so I can prepare myself for your awful abuse in the future..."

You grin. "We'll be doing lots more together."

Behind you, Mom whimpers.You sit in the band room in a hard, armless plastic chair. Whitney sits in a similar chair beside you.
 
Vivian's head is in your crotch, Rose's in Whitney's.
 
The only noise is the steady slurp of two tongues servicing you and your tomboy girlfriend. Despite the risk, both you and Whitney are naked from the waist down: it adds to the excitement that anyone could walk in, and there would be no way to conceal yourselves.
 
Whitney flexes and unflexes her well-toned thighs around Rose's head. From your position, all you can see of Rose's head is a golden moptop moving steadily up and down as she laps like a hungry bitch at Whitney's pussy. Whitney guides the oral service with a free hand.
 
Vivian wasn't lying yesterday: her technique is much improved. Her mouth and throat, impossibly tiny, can nonetheless take your entire length. The wet softness of her insides grip you so tightly it almost hurts. Her hot tongue twists and swirls around you, articulating the mushroom-shaped head and swishing around inside your foreskin. When she deepthroats you, her button nose smashes up against your pubic bone, and she drools around you, coating your balls with her spit.
 
Rose looks up. "Can we switch off?" she asks impatiently. "I want to suck Alabaster's-- mmfff--"
 
Whitney pushes Rose's head back down to her pussy. Obediently, Rose starts eating her out again.
 
"If you're good, maybe you'll get something extra," you say.
 
This is incentive enough. Rose's efforts on Whitney's cunt redouble. The slick sounds of Rose's cunnilingus mingles with the determined gurgling of Vivian swallowing your cock. It's a melody that makes your temples throb with debauched enjoyment.
 
Vivian is small enough that, leaning forward, you can reach the hem of her dress. This also has the effect of pinning her head in place underneath your stomach: the position forces your entire dick down her throat and doesn't allow her to come up for air, or move much at all.
 
Vivian endures the abuse admirably, without fighting or trying to pull away. Still, the rippling sensation of Vivian gulping for air makes your toes curl in sick pleasure.
 
When you pull her dress up around her waist and move her lace panties aside, she reacts a muffled "ghhh--!" that sends a geyser of saliva spraying from her mouth and nostrils.
 
"Eat me, eat me..." you hear Whitney murmur next to you. "Ohh, you're such a darling cunt..."
 
Your probing hand finds its target. You snake a finger over Vivian's soft, smooth butt and past the tiny pink anus it conceals. Unashemedly, you molest her fleshy, undeveloped pussy. It's smooth -- 100% bare -- and sticky with lust.
 
As you slip a finger inside of her pussy, you hump against Vivian's face, sawing your throbbing erection in and out of the deepest recesses of her gullet. Your cockhead is so sensitive and the hole so small that you can feel every rib and nubbin. You grit your teeth as the suckling warmth surges through you, and revel in the pliable feeling of Vivian's most intimate place.
 
Meanwhile, Whitney is drowning in a series of rolling orgasms. She tugs her shirt down and pulls at her bare nipples. She cums on Rose's face, again and again. Rolling her hips in a rythmic twisting motion, she leans all the way back in her chair and lets the pleasure tear through her.
 
Her pussy sprays its cream in spurts -- what little of Rose's face you can see now glistens with it -- and Rose gulps down as much of it as she can. The overflow runs down her chin and pools at the foot of the chair.
 
Rose's pussy, too, is engorged and drooling wetly on the hardwood floor beneath her. The room reeks of female arousal. It actually starts to make you dizzy.
 
Vivian's pussy is small and constrictive, exactly what you expected: you can hardly fit a single digit inside.
 
Putting your cock in her is going to be a serious struggle when you do fuck her. She's so small, you'll probably fill her straight to the womb.
 
You lean back again, moving your hand away from her little twat.
 
Now freed, Vivian slowly pulls her head up, darting her tongue all around as she fellates you. You can once again see her face: it's a wet, sticky mess, her pale features blurred by spit and slime. But her eyes are shining bright, and she smiles up at you.
 
The thought that she literally needs this to live is incredibly hot.
 
"Are you going to cum inside her?" Whitney asks, her eyes half-lidded.
 
"Yeah," you grunt. "I'm going to cum in her throat."
 
"She's so small..." Whitney breathes. "Ohhh--"
 
Whitney shivers and grabs you tightly. Hand-in-hand, you cum together, using the mouths and faces of the two girls underneath you to get off. You kiss Whitney deeply as you spurt your hot cum down Vivian's child-sized esophagus.
 
As you and Whitney bask in the afterglow, your cummy servants paw at each other: Rose clambers over to Vivian on hands and knees and forces her tongue down her throat, trying to fish out whatever traces of your cum remain in Vivian's mouth. They suck on one other's tongues, their faces and bodies totally covered in cum and filth, their clothes ruined, their minds gone. Rose's enormous udders push and press against Vivian's flat chest, pinning her.
 
Without anyone suggesting it, Rose and Vivian lock legs, rubbing their naked cunts together as they make out. They cum all over each another, adding to the smelly mess they've made of themselves. They moan and groan, barely human-sounding, slobbering and orgasming and debasing themselves. Fucking wrecks, the both of them.
 
You and Whitney watch them approvingly. Lazily, Whitney rubs her clit, a dreamy smile on her face.
 
You could get used to this.
 
Rose and Vivian look odd in spare girls' soccer uniforms from the locker room, but it was all you could whip up on such short notice.
 
Whereas Rose's uniform is skintight against her giant knockers, her pert nipples protruding obscenely and making her hug herself to conceal them -- even the smallest uniform you could find is baggy on poor Vivian.
 
They make a cute, if mismatched, pair.Smatters glides lazily up and down the central aisle, his shadow casting itself across the beige carpeting and creme walls. Ms. Carte and the twin Spancers are in the cockpit, piloting. This leaves just you, Whitney, and Mom to while away the 15 hour trip together. 

Of course, there isn't an in-flight movie.

What the flight does have is ample space and nicely adjustable seats.

You lie atop your mother, the seatback reclined to its limit. You fuck her as deeply as your cock can reach, the tip of it kissing her womb. You bask in the soft give of her flesh underneath you and the hot, inviting folds of her most intimate place. You squeeze her breasts, each one warm and weighty in your violating hands. You entwine your legs with hers, angling yourself so that you can force your throbbing dick to its root inside her.
 
Your jackhammer thrusts transform your hips into a blur of motion. Mom's head lolls to one side as she cums wetly around you, doped on incestuous pleasure. You can feel her shuddering from the inside-out.
 
When she speaks, her voice has the quality of someone talking through the whirring of electric fan blades. "Al-aa-baaa-ssterrr," she groans. "Yoo-oou're beee-ing t-tooo rouuuugh--"
 
She says this -- but even as she does, she runs her fingers through your hair and draws your face closer to her neck. Her cream pools on the faux-leather seat underneath you.
 
It is true you're being rough, though. You want to be rough. You want to make sure she remembers the shape of your dick and the hot, filling sensation of your seed pouring into her. No matter what happens next, she won't forget that. You won't let her.
 
Behind you, Whitney watches the spectacle. Her spats are bunched around her ankles and her legs are spread wide as she masturbates openly. She uses one hand to molest her own cunt and the other to tweak her nipples, first one and then the other. She chews on her lip and her face contorts in orgasm as she drinks in the lewd show.
 
"I'm cumming," you tell her. You don't break pace.
 
She grunts and groans unintelligibly, twists and turns her face from side to side. She tries once more to speak, but the exertion of getting fucked so hard robs her of breath. She begins to pant like a bitch in heat as your orgasm mounts and you prepare to let go.
 
You make a guttural noise and blow your cum inside. She reaches down to grab your ass, as if trying to force your spurting cock even further inside her. Her belly, arms, and neck muscles go taut, straining, as you mark her with your semen.
 
As always, very few sensations can compare to relieving your aching lust inside your own mother.
 
When you finish emptying yourself, you dismount. Dazed, you stumble back and fall into the seat beside Whitney, who's still busy masturbating.
 
Whitney sees her opening. She stands, kicking off her spats. She falls to her knees in front of Mom and pushes Mom's quivering knees apart. When she catches sight of the mingled fluids spilling from Mom's cunt, she licks her lips and coos in delight.
 
"Stop--" Mom says breathily. She runs a hand through her sweat-slicked hair, trying to muster energy. "Wait... if you do that so soon... I'll go craz-- unnnffff--" Whitney cuts Mom's protest off by latching her lips around her pussy. Mom writhes, lifting her butt from the seat and arching her back to offer herself up to Whitney's suckling mouth and tongue.

You slump in your chair and enjoy the sapphic obscenity.You pull the bento from your backpack and open it. Vivian smiles wanly.
 
"Have you been enjoying those, Alabaster?" she asks.
 
It would probably be rude to say "no, but Ms. Carte has." So you just nod sheepishly.
 
She puts a contemplative finger to her lips. "I'm glad."
 
She goes back to nibbling at her sandwich.
 
"Pfft. I could make you lunch," Whitney says.
 
"You don't know the first thing about cooking."
 
Whitney blinks as if this is new information. "Point," she says.
 
The meal is actually pretty good. This time it's beef with broccoli, some teriyaki chicken, and strawberry cupcakes for dessert. You wolf it down greedily.
 
"So what's your deal?" Whitney asks Vivian. "You're, like, a robot. Or something? Right?"
 
"I'm fully human," Vivian avers.
 
"Okay but, like... human human, or human the way Spancer over there is human?" Whitney points at Spancer for effect. He gives no response.
 
"Spancer is more severe case."
 
"Do you know what your dad is up to?" you ask Vivian. You notice an unwanted erection coming on as the conversation progresses. Are Vivian's aphrodisiacs the genuine article?
 
"He refers to it as diegetic apotheosis. I don't know much beyond that. My advice is not to trust him."
 
"No wonder you're queen of the quiz bowl nerds," Whitney says. She gives Vivian a pat on the shoulder. "What would we do without you?"
 
"You would likely be fine with or without this advice. I believe it is probably the tack you were adopting prior to this conversation."
 
...Vivian doesn't seem capable of understanding sarcasm.
 
As you lick the frosting off another cupcake, your erection slowly becomes swollen and painful. Your mind begins to go a little fuzzy. You feel the need for release.
 
[X] Are you going to take responsibility, Vivian?
[ ] Vivian, get out. I've got things to do with Whitney.
[ ] Go find Ms. Carte.
[ ] Go find Rose.
 
Your vision is going blurry, you feel woozy. With a sigh you push back from the desk and look at Vivian accusingly. "Youuu-- you spiked my lunch, didn't you?"
 
"I don't know what you're talking about."
 
"You spiked Ally's lunch?" Whitney yells. She leaps to her feet and grabs Vivian by the hair. Vivian struggles and tries to pull away. "I'll kick your little loli butt, you skank!"
 
You hold up your hand to stop her. "Aphrodisiacs," you tell Whitney.
 
"Aphro-what? What does this have to do with black people?"
 
"They make you horny."
 
Whitney lets go of Vivian's hair. Vivian falls back to her seat with a pouty whine, and Whitney puts her hands on her hips, laughing. "This little twerp's trying to seduce you?"
 
"I think so," you say.
 
Vivian stares guiltily at her feet.
 
"Well?" Whitney asks her.
 
"I'm sorry," Vivian mumbles.
 
"Are you going to take responsibility?" you ask.
 
Whitney slugs you in the shoulder. "Stop talking like your stupid sex comics," she says.
 
She circles the desk and grabs Vivian by the wrist, hauling her to her feet. "...Ally is right, though," she purrs. "If you start something, you should finish it..."
 
She pushes Vivian to her knees in front of you and kneels down next to her.
 
Vivian stares at your crotch, blushing deeply.
 
"It's not going to suck itself," Whitney tells her. "Do something already."
 
With a trembling hand, Vivian reaches for your fly.
 
She fumbles with it and can't seem to undo it. Whitney steps in to help.
 
"For the smartest robot on Earth, you're pretty dumb," Whitney teases. "Hmm. Have you ever seen a dick before?"
 
"No..." Vivian glances away, her face reddening even more. All her bravado and coolness is gone. Now she's just a scared little girl.
 
"Well, you're about to see one up close and personal," Whitney says. "Hey, come on. Look. This is what you wanted, right?"
 
Whitney fishes a hand into your boxers and pulls you straining cock free. It throbs in tune with your pulse. When Whitney lets go of it, it rests against Vivian's cheek. She winces, trying not to look at it -- but curiosity gets the better of her. Soon she's gawking at it unashamedly, her eyes unfocused.
 
"Say it," Whitney breathes. "Tell us this is what you wanted."
 
"M-maybe... maybe a little."
 
"It smells good, doesn't it?"
 
"A little."
 
"It makes your head feel all funny, doesn't it?"
 
"...A little..."
 
Whitney looks up at you, smiling. "Do you want her to suck it, Ally?"
 
You grunt. "No, I want her to paint me green..."
 
"You heard the man," Whitney says with a chuckle. "Go ahead."
 
Vivian sticks out the tip of her tongue and flicks it against the head. The sight of it makes you shiver, but the sensation is way too brief.
 
Whitney groans. "Not like that. Geez, don't you know anything? Like this--"
 
Whitney takes your cock into her throat with a single practiced motion, sucking you deep. She runs her tongue along your underside for a few moments, hands against your thighs, staring you in the eye. Then she releases you. Your cock glimmers with her saliva.
 
"Now you."
 
Vivian wraps her spindly fingers around the base of your dick to guide it to her mouth. Her hand is so small it doesn't even wrap all the way around you.
 
She opens wide. Her little pink tongue hangs out and she licks your drooling cockhead again, this time lingering.
 
She pulls back and smacks her lips a bit, mulling over the taste, and the verdict seems positive. She leans forward again and slips your glans into her mouth.
 
You always dreamed of what a blowjob from a loli would feel like, but never imagined it would be possible. Her tongue is just as wet and warm as in your fantasies. She closes her eyes and focuses on the blowjob, but she can only take a couple inches inside before her jaw is stretched to capacity.
 
"You have to service the whole dick," Whitney says patiently. "Not just the head." She guides Vivian's hands up and down your shaft a couple times, until Vivian gets the point and can do it on her own.
 
Eyes still closed, Vivian mewls around you and supports her weight on a balled-up fist. She scootches herself closer as she sucks and jerks you off in tandem. With her wearing that outrageous gothic-style black velvet dress, this somehow seems even lewder than it would if she were naked.
 
Whitney stands and circles behind you. She runs her broadened palms across your chest and leans over your shoulder, kissing you. Your tongues intermingle sloppily.
 
"You're such a pervert," Whitney says. "So how does it feel to get a blowjob from a little girl?"
 
"Amazing," you admit.
 
"Cum a whole lot in her mouth, okay?"
 
She didn't need to tell you. You kiss her again, enjoying the feeling of Whitney's eager tongue on yours as Vivian's much less experienced tongue tickles your cock. Every once in a while, owing to her inexperience and the disparity in size, Vivian's teeth brush against you -- but this just adds to the pleasure.
 
Soon, you feel that old tingling. You hold Vivian's head in place.
 
"Ally's about to cum," Whitney says. "He'll spurt a lot of liquid from his dick... don't worry, it's delicious. Just let it happen."
 
Vivian's eyes bulge as your dick pumps its seed into her drooling mouth. She coughs, but you keep her in place as you empty your balls. When you let her go, she falls to her back, little streamers of cum hanging from her lips and even out of her nostrils.
 
You sit there in silence for a minute or two, panting. Vivian does much the same. Finally, Vivian wipes her face off and licks her fingers clean.
 
In a very small voice, she says: "thank you, Alabaster Soliloquy. I needed that."
 
Whitney kneels down and kisses her deeply. Vivian is surprised and doesn't know how to respond, but doesn't fight it, either.
 
"We should do that again," Whitney says. "It was hot. I'll teach you to lick pussy, too..." She goes back to violating little Vivian's mouth with her wanton tongue.
 
You close your eyes. Life is getting... strange.You sit on the edge of Whitney's bed, legs splayed, as she sucks your cock.
 
Standing on the mattress, Rose straddles your face and humps her cunt against your lapping tongue. Her fleshy little mound presses insistently against your nose, and your brain is overloaded with her honeydew scent.
 
This is the last chance for the three of you to enjoy some quality time together before Whitney has her operation. You intend to make the most of it.
 
Rose's nectar is delicious and warm, pooling on your tongue in wet dollops. Even more thrilling is the magic of Whitney's cocksleeve mouth. She chokes down your entire length, burying the head of your dick deep within the confines of her gullet.
 
With her nose buried in your pubes and her cheeks puffed out obscenely, she swallows. Her entire throat, from uvula to esophagus and in all 360 degrees ripples and pulses as she gulps around you. She wags her tongue against your balls, coating them in saliva, as she swallows again and again, massaging your aching fuckmeat to relief with expert precision.
 
You try to stare up at Rose's face, but all you can see is the underside of her massive udders. You trace your fingers across and then around her fleshy thighs. Without forewarning you plunge two fingers past her pale butt and into her asshole. Rose tenses, half-shrieking. Her knees go wobbly. You use your free hand to prop her up by the belly so that she can't get away from the abuse. As you service her cute pink pussy, you savage her tiny asshole. Caught between pain and pleasure, Rose can only whimper.
 
It isn't long before you blow a creamy load down Whitney's constrictive, gurgling throat. With almost supernatural acuity, Rose senses this. She leaps from the bed, turning 180 degrees in midair, and tackles Whitney to the floor with a thud. She forces her mouth against Whitney's, their lips parting as if yawning into one another.
 
Rose groans like a bitch in heat as she sucks your cum out of Whitney's mouth. Her pink tongue swirls around, coated the half-translucent white slime, as she siphons it all up. But Whitney isn't in the mood to share. Her tongue slides over Rose's, claiming your semen once more for herself.
 
This battle of tongues turns sloppy, and leads to a messy overflow. Your cum drools out from their mouths in viscous strands. Delicate strings of it spiderweb between them, but the bulk gets smeared all across their lips, cheeks, noses, and chins. They lick it off of one another, snowballing it back and forth, their fight transforming into more of an exercise in bonding with every moment.
 
You watch the show approvingly, your still-dripping cock hardening once more. Whitney's tanned, toned, thin body lies pinned beneath Rose's pale, pliant, plump one. They form their legs into twin V's and force their cunts against one another's, rubbing each other off as they lick and slobber.
 
Whitney coos devilishly and suddenly spits a cummy gob of seed directly into Rose's open mouth. Rose is only taken aback a little. She swills it back and forth, grunting with lust, before spitting it back.
 
The two start spitting back and forth now, like animals, coating their faces so completely with slime you'd think twenty men just unloaded on them. They use their fingers to smear it in to each other's skin. Meanwhile they continue to mash their engorged clits together, leaking girlcum all over one another and mewling in delight.
 
You fall to your knees and plant yourself in the first warm hole your dick can find: Whitney's ass. She gasps in shock, and Rose takes the opportunity to snake her searching tongue down Whitney's throat.
 
Whitney's asshole is like silk, almost unbearably hot and so small you could mistake her for Vivian. Just as with her pussy, Whitney can rhythmically flex her anus to massage your cock like a milking machine. Even with Rose violating her, Whitney has the focus to service you with her ass like this, the way she spent so many years practicing.
 
As you fuck her, you think about how long Whitney has been at it, that practice -- since the very first day she met you, apparently -- years and years of nights spent up late, vegetables and hairbrushes and other foreign objects stuffed painfully inside of her, training her muscles to be the perfect conduits of pleasure. The image of a young teenage Whitney training her body for you makes you moan, loud and unashamedly, enough for the whole house to hear, as you pump her ass full of cock. For the fourth time in a little over two hours, your feel a delicious tingling course through your spine as you drop a load directly inside one of your lovers.
 
You slump back, your cock sliding out of Whitney's gaping hole with a slurp. Your twitching dick still rests obscenely against Whitney's crack. Rose twists around, pulling herself into a 69 position with Whitney, and buries her face in Whitney's ass and cunt. The two girls rim each other out. Rose, cumming herself silly, sucks your semen out of Whitney's ass and off of your oozing cock, alternating between the two. The noise of it is like someone drinking the last dregs of an icy soda with a straw. Rose guzzles it all down, just like the filthy fucking cumpig she is. You couldn't be happier.Rose is waiting for you in the Student Council room. She sits at the head of a long oak conference table, alone. The room is cast in the orange pall of an early California sunset. The days are getting shorter already.
 
Rose's skirt is hiked up around her waist. She sits with her legs spread wide, not wearing panties, and masturbates openly.
 
You approach her, grinning, and reach out to grab her around the neck.
 
Such a good pet, to be waiting for you like this.

But as your fingers wrap around her, she does the unexpected. She quickly produces a small spray can from her blouse pocket.
 
You try to course-correct, step back, dodge it -- but too late. She squirts a burning hot cloud of aerosolized pepper spray in your face.
 
You wail and fall to your knees. Your eyes well up and your sinuses begin to drain, pouring thin mucus down your chin. Your face becomes a wet mess.
 
You try to say something, anything, but can't. You can hardly breathe. Your respiration is shallow and panicked. You wheeze on the stray particles of mace still tumbling complexly through the air.
 
"Ohhh-- that felt good," Rose murmurs, running a hand through her hair.
 
Spluttering, you manage: "what the FUCK! Oh, Christ! It burns!"
 
"Stop complaining, you baby. Sit up -- look at me. Hey."
 
You clamber to your feet and adopt a defensive stance, ready to strike back if she tries to mace you again. But you can hardly see her. You can hardly see anything. You paw at your eyes with the back of your palms. She grins tauntingly.
 
"That was just a warning," Rose says. She pockets the spray can. "I wanted to talk to you before the -- event..."
 
"I'll make you sorry you did that," you growl.
 
Rose grins with only one corner of her mouth. "Mm. I'm sure."
 
She regards you for several long moments. Then, looking down at her fingernails and playing nonchalant: "I want to be clear. I'm not submitting to you. Or to Whitney."
 
Rose looks you directly in the eye.
 
"I hate you," she says. "With every fiber of my being."
 
"Stop lying to yourself. You were begging Whitney for my cock just yesterday."
 
"My hatred for you is pure and black and perfect, like the space between the stars. Let me tell you how much I hate you, Alabaster. If the word 'hate' was engraved on every nanoangstrom--"
 
"Get to the point, you dizzy cunt."
 
"I hate you more than anyone. And... I respect you. More than anyone."
 
This throws you for a loop.
 
"I hope you understand we're kindred spirits, Alabaster. You'll never find a woman more like you than I am."
 
"I sincerely doubt it."
 
"Believe it. We tick the same way... like clocks that are off with the other clocks. We have the need to dominate. We have aberrant urges. But the difference--" Rose pauses, contemplative.
 
"The difference is, I have to wear this mask. Warm and welcoming Rose, goody two-shoes Rose, conscientious Rose. You get by without it."
 
"So you don't believe all that social justice crap after all."
 
"Oh, I believe it. I just don't give a shit."
 
Rose places her hands on her knees. She spreads her legs again, baring a dripping cunt nestled between fat thighs.
 
"I want you to rape me, Alabaster."
 
You wipe the mucus from your face and approach her, tugging at your belt. If rape is what this bitch wants, you're more than happy to oblige.
 
But Rose gives you another spurt of mace when you try again to grab her again.
 
You reel back. Groaning in agony, you lean against the wall for support. You drool. Your nose runs like a spigot.
 
"What the fuck is wrong with you!!" you yell. "Goddamn it!"
 
"I never promised to make it easy," Rose says. "I'm not going to be your braindead cum-toilet. If you want me, you have to take me. And don't cheat. Using Whitney is unfair."
 
"You call the pepper spray fair?" Your voice is nearly unintelligible through the spittle.
 
"I'm only using it today, to lay out the terms. After today it's gone."
 
"..."
 
"Alabaster."
 
You turn to face her, your vision doubled through the burning haze of pain and tears.
 
"I never knew how it felt to be dominated until you came along. Now I need it. Try to understand. I live amongst people incapable of making a single decision on their own. I have to decide everything... down to the color of stationery to use for memos in the student council. It's driving me insane."
 
Desperate for relief, you blow your nose on your t-shirt. "I couldn't tell!" you say. "You seem perfectly sane to me!"
 
"When you pin me down, I'm free. I don't have to decide anything. You decide it all for me. And when I think of you pouring your cum inside me... I feel like I'm drowning, but it's such a nice feeling, too.." She hugs herself, shivering. Her pussy drools.
 
"Fine. Got it. Lots of rape. 40 pounds of rape, coming up. Put the fucking pepper spray down."
 
"--But I still have those other urges, too. And judging by how you reacted when I rubbed my feet in your worthless fucking face, you have the same cognitive dissonance that I do. See? We're soul mates. You begged me to let you cum. You loved being dominated, too."
 
"...What are you saying?"
 
"I need a slimy little worm to violate, and you're it. May the best rapist win."
 
[X] You're on.
[ ] We play by my terms. I'll never submit to you.

Rose takes the pepper spray out of her blouse pocket and tosses it away. The canister clatters against the ground as it rolls into the corner.
 
She crooks a finger at you, as if to say: "come on, then."
 
In an instant, you're upon her. You lunge forward spastically, grabbing for her. She leaps up to meet you halfway, and you collide in a whirlwind of limbs, fists, and savage grunts. You grab each other by the hair and spin around, banging against the wall and into filing cabinets.
 
Gaining the momentum, you push her back as hard as you can, straight into a window. Her head smacks against it so hard that that one of the panes cracks, leaving behind a spiderweb pattern in the glass.
 
Rose knees you in the stomach and pushes back. You go tumbling backward against the conference table, Rose on top. Papers go scattering everywhere.
 
"Fuck you!" you shout. "I will rape you to death!"
 
Rose headbutts you, and you accidentally bite your lip. You feel a trickle of blood running down your chin. Enraged, you headbutt her right back, and she goes falls to the ground with a thud.
 
You loom over her, but before you can land another hit, she rolls to the side and jumps to her feet.
 
"Razzle-dazzle~" Rose mewls, pivoting behind you. She pulls a dog collar from her other blouse pocket and snaps it around your throat. You windmill your arms, trying punch her in the face. But not quickly enough. She deftly avoids the punches.
 
Spinning around, you charge her again. But then you feel an awful surge of agony radiating from your neck -- an electric jolt that shorts your brain's circuitry and turns your muscles to rubber. You collapse to the ground in a heap.
 
Rose cackles. Her taunting laughter bounces around your skull, failing to register for a few moments. Through slitted eyes, you look up at her, and see a remote in her hand.
 
"They use these to train dogs," Rose informs you.
 
You stand and try to attack again, a drunken swagger to your step.
 
BZZT -- She clicks the shock button with her thumb and sends you face-first to the ground. Your forehead collides against the hardwood with a disturbing crack. Spittle pools at the corners of your mouth.
 
"How does it feel to be on the other end of the tazer, you fuck?"
 
She kneels and clasps your chin in hand. You can smell her roiling pussy underneath her skirt. She gives you a long, luxurious kiss that you don't return -- but she doesn't seem to mind that. With her mouth wide open and grunting, she licks your mouth, your face, your eyelids. Her own eyelids droop and she blushes heavily, savoring her every excess.
 
You growl at her. "I am going to rape you so hard that your fucking womb falls out. Count on it."
 
Rose gives you another shock -- BZZT -- that sends you into a minor convulsion and makes you briefly lose your sense of time and space. When your vision uncrosses, Rose is smiling warmly down at you.
 
"I look forward to it," she says.
 
"If I had Whitney--"
 
"But you don't, do you? You're useless without that whore. Just a little fucking wimp waiting to get fucking raped... you're so cute, Alabaster..." she strokes your cheek with one hand, lewdly, somehow making even this innocuous gesture feel like deep violation. She does this for a few moments -- and then, suddenly, she spits in your face.
 
"You make me sick," she says.
 
"I'm going to--"
 
BZZT. You flop around on the ground like a fish. When you go still again, Rose grabs you by the hair and roughly guides you to a sitting position. She steps back to admire her work. Your face is blank with loathing as she -- oh God -- steps out of her shoes.
 
Leering, Rose snakes a hand under her skirt.
 
"Now-- you're a dog, so act like one," she says. "Say: woof, woof."
 
[ ] Woof, woof.
[X] Fuck you.
 
Rose frowns.
 
"That's right!" you continue. "I said fuck--"
 
She gives you another shock that causes your spine to go rigid. You fall to the side, spasming and seizing. Your mouth froths.
 
Rose steps forward and rubs her stockinged foot underneath your nose. It's pungent and penetrating -- like a mossy rock in wet soil, fetid, organic. It makes you dizzy but also brings you back into focus.
 
Opening your eyes, you spy the pepper spray canister lying only a few feet away.
 
Rose hauls your face upward. She rips off her blouse, baring her massive tits, and rubs your face in her armpit. Whether she shaves or simply hasn't budded fully yet, you can't tell -- but all that's underneath her arm is the barest hint of fuzz that tickles your face. Her sweat leaves a greasy film on your face as she rubs against you.
 
"That's it, you fucking pig," she grunts. "Smell me. You worthless cocksucker!" She masturbates herself as she violates you.
 
You gaze at the pepper spray out of the corner of your eye. If you could distract her long enough to reach for it...
 
You dart your tongue out and start licking Rose's grimy sweat off of her body. It has an awful tang that clings to the back of your throat and makes you nearly gag. Rose moans in delight.
 
"That's right! Lick me! Worship your mistress!" She diddles her cunt with wild abandon.
 
The humiliation of all this makes you shudder. But it's for a greater good. You need to keep her attention elsewhere.
 
"Look at how hard you are~" Rose coos. She uses one foot to step on your crotch, prodding it with her toes. It's true -- for some reason, you're hard as a rock right now.
 
Your tongue works up and down her smelly armpit and Rose continues to pleasure herself as she pets your hard-on with her dirty sock. Her toes has the dexterity of fingers, and work your cock through the denim of your jeans with expert precision.
 
Reaching out surreptitiously, your hands find the pepper spray canister and wrap around it.
 
Moving quickly, you aim the nozzle and blast Rose in the face.
 
She shrieks, tumbling backward, and lands on her butt. In an instant, her eyes become red and puffy, her face becomes covered with mucus -- just like yours.
 
You stumble awkwardly to your feet.
 
Her eyes wrenched shut, Rose shocks you again, trying to regain the initiative. The electric agony sends you falling forward on top of her.
 
Taking aim again, you hold down the nozzle and spray a continuous stream of mace in Rose's eyes. In response, she hammers repeatedly on the shock button. You convulse and writhe but keep the stream of pepper spray going strong.
 
"YOU STUPID CUNT! GAAAHHHH!!! I'LL MAKE YOU PAY!"
 
"AIIIEEEEE-- FUCK YOU! FUCK YOU!"
 
You roll around like animals, your shrieks and cries becoming an indecipherable wail that doesn't seem like it will ever end.
 
But then Rose's remote stops working. Your pepper spray runs out moments later.
 
You sit up on your knees, feeling lightheaded, and tug Rose's skirt down. She shakes her head side to side, lying in a virtual puddle of tears and snot from the mace, too weak to fight.
 
You pull your cock free and fuck yourself inside her without any warning or mercy. You hunch forward for better access, hugging her around the back. You use her as a human cocksleeve -- she lies limply underneath you, sobbing, choking, coughing.
 
Your cock bottoms out in her juvenile pussy on every stroke and batters her cervix. You know the pain this must be causing her and you grin to yourself because of it. You move your hands up and use Rose's hair as a handle to hold onto as you rape her. You pull at her savagely, and she shrieks as you use her.
 
But her cunt is creaming and contracting around you all the while. The heat and wetness only increase as your brutality does.
 
"Useless fucking whore," you grunt. You use one palm to slap her tits over and over again, alternating between them. You leave deep red welts that quickly begin to turn to bruises.
 
You slap her bare tummy next, and then her face, holding nothing back.
 
She just bites her lip and cums her brains out. She even begins to hump back on you, as if trying to slam her cervix against your cockhead.
 
You finish inside her, pumping her uterus full of jizz. You bellow, and give her a punch to the stomach. Still woozy, you stand, leaving her in a puddle of her own filth, covered in cum, battered and bruised.
 
"You haven't even come close to paying for this," you pant. "You stupid toilet."
 
Rose looks at you through half-lidded eyes. "...was I a good toilet today?" she asks. Her question sounds genuine.
 
By way of answering, you sit on your knees, straddling her neck, and put your semi-hard cock in her mouth. She accepts it without protest, her eyes smoldering.
 
You unleash an amber stream of piss directly into her throat.
 
She gulps it down happily, but the volume proves too much. When it starts to overflow and leak down her face, you pull out and finish pissing all over her body, spraying her skirt and hair. Rose's makeup, already ruined, runs even more, making her look like a used up whore.
 
She smiles brokenly, running her hands all over her body as you use her for a urinal.
 
"Let's do that again..." Rose murmurs. You put your cock away and zip up. Saying nothing more, you stumble out, leaving Rose in a puddle of cum, piss, tears, and slime.

Cerise is sitting on a grassy knoll with her back to the concrete wall of the bridge's main support column, cheek resting against her fist. She only notices you when you draw close.

"You came," she says, turning her face to regard you. You can't help feeling guilty that she sounds surprised.

You sit beside her. "Hi," you say. "Were you waiting very long?"

"No. I just got here..."

You have a feeling that's a lie. You think she was probably waiting for you ever since the windsurfing competition ended five hours ago. But you decide not to press it.

"Well?" Cerise says. "You have the floor, Alabaster. What's the big surprise you wanted me to come out here to see?"

"Just wait," you tell her, smiling warmly. "I have a plan." 

You take her by the hand and stare her in the eye, warm feelings washing over your artificial heart.

"Alabaster," she says uncertainly. "You're acting weird."

"Trust me."

And just like that, as if on cue, the sky lights up.

Not with fireworks. With an angry blue bolt of lightning. 

Your smile collapses like a thing shot dead as you peer into the heavens.

"No," you say, your voice low. "No. You've got to be shitting me--"

The attendant thunder booms like an explosion, so loud you can feel the pressure differential against your chest. 

"No..." you say again. But there's nothing to help it. The clouds open up, and a torrential downpour the likes of which you have never seen unleashes itself. It falls in sheets, slanted, drops the size of silver dollars. Electricity arcs through the sky like magma in underwater fault lines. Rolling thunder rages amidst the awful patter of the monsoon. 

You and Cerise are instantly drenched, head to toe.

You find a door that leads into a spiral stairwell inside the bridge, used mainly as an access-way for maintenance crews. Luckily, it isn't locked. You and Cerise stumble inside, shutting the heavy door behind you. The sound of the storm outside is muffled and weirdly echo-y inside this cramped, fluorescent-lit space.

You pound a fist against the cream-colored wall, leaving a wet dent behind. "God damn it," you grunt. "God-- damn it--"

"Alabaster," Cerise says, "what's your deal? You're acting like a schizophrenic hobo off his meds." She wrings her hair out, head cocked to one side, heavy dollops of water squelching against the concrete floor.

"This was supposed to be a surprise," you say, closing your eyes. "It was--" 

You sit down on the corrugated metal stairs. "There was a fireworks show scheduled."

Cerise sits with you. "Fireworks?" she says. "That's a bit lame to be making such a fuss over, isn't it?"

You look at her like you can't believe what she's saying.

"I just thought it would-- I thought it would make things up to you," you say.

"Make up for what?" Cerise asks. "Taking your harem of used-up sluts on a bunch of dates when you could have spent that time masturbating to hentai with me?"

You narrow your eyes at her.

"I'm joking," she says. "...Mostly joking. Half joking."

She puts her hand on your knee. "I just wanted to do something nice, for once. Do you remember that 4th of July when we went to the beach--"

"Of course I remember," Cerise cuts in. "The fireworks weren't the important part. I could give a greasy shit about fireworks."

"It was me," you say. "I was the biggest disappointment of your life, wasn't I."

"No. The biggest disappointment of my life was us."

"*Was* us-- or is us?"

"Well, that depends on what your definition of 'is' is..." Cerise shoots you a wry smile. 

"I'm sorry, Cerise."

"Me too."

You lean forward and kiss her. She opens her mouth to yours for a brief moment -- but then pulls back, hands pushing against you.

"What is it?" you ask, and you can't help the note of frustration that sneaks in.

"I'm sorry," she says. "I'm sorry for always pushing you away like this. It's just-- I'm scared, okay? I haven't..."

"You -- haven't?"

"Try not to look so shocked!"

"But... all that time in high school... I mean, you bragged nonstop about what a sl-- about how much you got around--"

Cerise fixes you with a simmering, vulnerable gaze and says:

"I'm sorry I'm a virgin, okay?! Now do something already!" (http://i.imgur.com/NkKdPN3)

>What do you do?

[X] Something

You take Cerise by her still-damp shoulders. She trembles like a wounded bird in your embrace. "You stupid," she says, half-senseless. "You stupid-- you really believed--"
 
She can't even bring herself to meet your gaze. Her eyes fill with tears. Her pupils are moist and her irises swirl with refracted colors in the light. You tilt her chin up with your finger.
 
"It's all right if you're a virgin," you say. "That's sort of my thing, you know?"
 
Even through the anxiety and verging tears, Cerise giggles. Then her face turns serious once more. "That isn't fair," she says. "Did you ever stop to think that *I* like virgins, too? But you fucked just about the whole population of planet Earth before me..."
 
"I'm a virgin where it really matters," you say. You clench a fist in an open palm. "Blood-related sibling incest is the only sex that counts to anyone with taste!"
 
Cerise snorts.
 
"So-- here?" you ask.
 
"Why not here?" Cerise counters. "It doesn't need to be perfect, you dweeb."
 
You kiss her again. This time she doesn't pull away.
 
Cerise's mouth is warm and inviting, but her lips and face are still cool from the rainfall. The contrast is strange against your searching tongue. She breathes heavy against you, her full chest heaving, her hands tracing invisible patterns across your dripping back.
 
You turn her around so she lies against the stairs. She winces as you settle her in place.
 
"Are you comfortable?" you ask. "Those edges are sharp."
 
"I'll be a lot more comfortable when you're inside me," she breathes, her voice dreamy with anticipation.
 
You run your hands up and down her delicate body. She's damp all over, little droplets standing in neat rows along the micro-crevices of her gooseflesh. You poke your fingertips gently against her belly and watch the raindrops converge at your touch, forming little rivulets that trickle down into her navel, or even further, to the hemline of her bikini bottom.
 
This body of Cerise's is not exactly in the best of shape -- not fat and not scrawny, but un-toned, pale. It's the body of a girl who doesn't get out much, the body of a NEET. This body is your fault. So you feel guilty for adoring its every curve and bump. But you do, with all your soul. You maul her with kisses. You devour her and consume her with kisses, big wet smacks and little pecks and everything in between. Your lips find her dainty toes and fleshy calves, they find her long forearms and her taut belly, they find her hands and her neck. Your lips find her lips. And her lips find yours. Cracks and snaps of approaching thunder outside fill the space between your needful breaths -- breaths which come syncopated and strangely synchronized.
 
"I love you," you say, over and again: "I love you I love you I love you." She nuzzles your neck, her nose tickling your Adam's apple, as you repeat your mantra into the crown of her head.
 
"You always did?" she asks.
 
"I always did."
 
"You always will?"
 
"I always will."
 
Cerise's reaches for your trunks, arms straining. You help her pull them off of you. Your member is already hard. She grits her teeth at the searing heat of it against the soft cold skin of her stomach. You grit your teeth at the contact, too. For a moment the tiny stairwell echoes with your collective sigh: an "ahhh" that dangles, unrelieved, in the air above you.
 
Your fingers find her bikini bottom. Like the rest of her, the crotch is damp. But this dampness is hot, and pulsing, and it runs through the folds of your fingers like ambrosia. You tug her bottom off with one swift motion. You enjoy the suppleness of her bare cleft against your hand, so wet and needing. You can practically feel her ache, the singing of her every nerve ending, begging for release. Your manhood twitches and sings and burns for the coming pleasure just as badly.
 
"Now," she says, "do it now, do it right now before I go crazy..."
 
You do it.
 
You position yourself at the dewy entrance to her mound and slide into your older sister. Her silken inner walls surround your shaft and shudder deliciously around you as they accept you in. You let yourself savor it, sinking in slowly, millimeters at a time. Her neck muscles strain and her face contorts in a silent scream of ecstasy.
 
She claws at her bikini top and tugs it down, out of the way, baring her nakedness and her vulnerability to you in full. She reaches out for you, stroking your face. Her breasts are two perfect white domes topped by two perfect pink nipples. You lean forward so she can wrap her arms around you as you finish pushing yourself in. Her nipples touch your nipples. Her chest is pillowy against your pressing weight. The head of your penis makes contact with her deepest and most intimate parts.
 
Cerise lets out another sigh, her voice staccato and high-pitched. It's a noise insane with lust and begging for more, but filled also with love. It's a noise that says "I am yours, I am at your mercy, do whatever you want with me." Her hands run in circles through your hair. You suckle on her neck as you lie there inside her, simply enjoying the throbbing wetness of your genitals mated so obscenely together, a brother fucked inside his sister.
 
You pull out, and it makes an audible sound that sends a new thrill coursing through you. Cerise's inner walls cling to you, as if they don't want to let you go. But she's so wet, and your cock is pouring so much precum into of her, that those walls can't hold on forever. You pull out almost all the way, hugging her neck for support as you raise your hips. Then you slide smoothly back inside -- all the way. In this manner you establish a steady pace. The stairs clatter beneath you. Cerise reaches at the ceiling for nothing, her hands curling and uncurling into fists. Sweat pearls with the rain on her skin.
 
"Cerise," you moan. "Cerise, I'm going to--"
 
"Yes! Yes!"
 
You rub your cheek with hers, and then lock lips. With one more savage thrust, out and in again, you plunge yourself to the root and fill her greedy body with semen.
 
"Alabaster! Alabaster--!! aaahhhhnnn--"
 
You empty yourself completely, your mind going blank, your tongue mating with her mouth and your seed filling her tender womb. Your cock pulses; you grunt and heave; she trembles and cums -- and cums, and cums. She cums all around you, all over you, milking you off. You stare deeply into her half-lidded eyes as you cross this, the final rubicon.
 
GIRLS FUCKED: 6/6
ALL CLEAR
RANK: SAs you head for the exit, Rose pops out from around a corner. Her face is beet red and shiny with a day's worth of perspiration. Her eyeliner runs a little in rivulets down her face and her hair is all mussed like she just got plowed by every jock ay North High. Her right eye twitches pretty much continuously.
 
Clearly, she hasn't had an easy time of it.
 
"A-Alabaster--" she says, her voice fluttering and catching. "My records s-show you haven't officially signed up for any clubs yet, d-despite taking part in certain club activities."
 
"...What?" you say.
 
She pauses to run a hand through her hair. She takes a wild step backward, nearly falling over, like she's literally drunk on the sensations coming from her cunt.
 
"I-it's a requirement of all students to please join a club all right. Okay." She holds out a generic club application form, gripping it around the middle in her balled up fist, so tight her knuckles are drained of color. Her hand is trembling. You grab hold of the application and it takes Rose several long seconds to register this before she lets it go.
 
You pretend to read the crinkled application form, but instead you focus on Rose from the corner of your eye. Her whole body is vibrating.
 
Surreptitiously, you reach into your pocket and kick the remote control up to its final, highest setting: 10/10.
 
The reaction is nearly instant. Rose gasps and falls to her butt, knees splayed akimbo. She leans forward, supporting her weight on her palms, while an orgasm ravages her entire body.
 
"Aw geez," you say with false concern. "Are you feeling all right? Do you need some help?"
 
"I'mmmm--- I'm finnnnnne," she says, cumming her brains out. "I'm not-- I'm not-- I'm not-- cummmmminggggg---!!!" She rocks back and forth, her mouth agape in a silent howl. A puddle forms on the linoleum underneath her. She paws at her tits.
 
You turn to go, but she grabs your pant leg, stopping you. She looks up at you with pleading eyes.
 
You frown at her. "You're a real fucking mess, you know that? Absolutely fucking disgusting."
 
"I did what you asked. T-the school day is over. Please, PLEASE, let me take this out. Please..."
 
[X] Good girl. You can take it out -- if you admit you're a slut.
[ ] I think you should go to bed with it tonight.
 
You turn the vibrator off.
 
"I'll let you take it out," you tell her. "Just one thing..."
 
Rose's lips tremble.
 
"Here," you say. You grab Rose by the back of the head and force her face against your crotch. She struggles and pushes at your knees, but in her weakened state, she can't do anything to stop you.
 
"Look at me," you say. "Hey."
 
Rose stares up at you. Her nose is buried in your denim jeans directly against your balls and leaking cock.
 
"Say you're a slut," you tell her.
 
"No," Rose mumbles into your crotch. Her eyes simmer with defiance.
 
You run your thumb across the remote's dial, bringing it randomly up and down the scale. Rose goes rigid and tries to pull away again; you hold her in place.
 
You turn the vibrator off and let Rose fall away from you. She curls up on the ground.
 
"Say it. Say: I, Rose Mallory, and a cum-pig."
 
"There are still people on campus, you psycho... we could be seen..."
 
You crank the vibrator up to ten. Rose writhes side-to-side, pulling at her hair like she's going insane. You can actually smell her pussy creaming itself at this point.
 
"Call me your master."
 
"Never-- I'll neverrr-- ghhhh-- fuuuuuck!!!" Her back arches and she cries out in orgasm, hands and legs spasmodically flapping.
 
"We can do this all day if you want."
 
Rose pants for breath. "Stop-- fine-- stop, please!"
 
You turn the remote to 0. Rose clambers to her knees and looks up at you.
 
"I, Rose--"
 
"Call me master first."
 
Rose's body shakes with revulsion and contempt. "Master--" she says through gritted teeth.
 
"Say, master, please accept me as your willing cum-pig."
 
"M-master-- please accept me as your willing cum-pig..."
 
"Say, please use me as your cumdump whenever you like."
 
Rose closes her eyes and bows her head. "Please... please..."
 
She goes quiet for a long time. Then finally, in a very small voice: "please use me as your cumdump whenever you like. I exist to drink your filthy cum, master."
 
You arch your eyebrows appreciatively. You never told her to say that last part.
 
"All right," you say. "Good job." You push her shoulder gently so she lies down on her back. You guide her to her side using the tip of your shoe.
 
Kneeling down, you yank her panties to her ankles. Rose claws helplessly at the tile, panicking.
 
"No--" she says. "No-- I did everything you asked--!"
 
"Calm down," you say. You yank the vibrating egg from her sodden cunt and drop it next to her.
 
"Enjoy the rest of the day, Rose. Wear it again tomorrow."
 
You turn to go. Rose quickly pulls her underwear up and crawls forward on all fours to stop you.
 
"That's-- that's it?" she asks.
 
"What? Of course."
 
She stares at you, blinking. It's almost as if she's disappointed.
 
As you head off, Rose has parting words.
 
"Alabaster..." she looks at you with a weird mixture of hatred and revolted lust. "You s-should consider joining the student council... I think you could go far..."You sit. Spancer sits down on your other side. "Why are you hanging out with Spancer Jar-head all of a sudden?" Whitney asks, a bit disgusted.
 
"I'll explain later. What's going on?" you ask. "Why is there an assembly today?"
 
Stackleford answers. "Rose is officially announcing her candidacy for reelection. That's the real reason."
 
"Of course that's not what she *says* the reason is," Whitney adds. "She says the real reason is to announce special events for Homecoming."
 
"Which just happen to include the student council elections..." Stackleford says.
 
"Cheating bitch," Whitney says. "She's using this as a campaigning event."
 
"Is anyone even running against her?" you ask.
 
"Pfft. Who knows?" Whitney says. "The student council made the rules for campaigning so strict that if someone else *was* running, you'd never know."
 
Whitney leans in close so Stackleford can't hear. She cups her hand over her mouth. "Did you bring the remote?" she asks.
 
"It's in my pocket," you confirm. Then, playing coy: "What are you thinking about?"
 
"You know exactly what I'm thinking about, cockbreath. We can make her announcement really... interesting."

[X] Let's do it.
[ ] Let's spare her for now.
 
You wink. Whitney laughs evilly.
 
"So anyway," Stackleford says when Whitney faces forward again. "With enough chi--"
 
"Stackleford," Whitney says, her voice very level and polite. "Shut the fuck up."
 
Stackleford stops talking.
 
About two minutes later, Rose steps onto the stage. She approaches the dais, adjusts the microphone to her level, and calmly clears her throat.
 
"SILENCE!!" she bellows. The gym falls instantly quiet. Rose smiles warmly. "Thank you."
 
She gives the signal to someone off-stage to lower the lights. The vast room is washed in dimness, and a spotlight clicks on over Rose.
 
Rose sweeps her view across the assembled student body. Like a hawk finding prey, her eyes fall directly upon you -- but it's pretty clear who the real prey here is. She slits her eyes and frowns with contempt. Smiling back, you pull the remote from your pocket and hold it up. You shake it side to side tauntingly.
 
The look of panic that sweeps over Rose's face lasts only a split second, but it's unmistakable. She wore the vibrator today. Now she's at your mercy.
 
Rose composes herself and clears her throat again. "Well--" she says, flipping through her notes. The catch of fear is plainly audible in her voice. "We've got a lot to go over, but I'll try to get you all back to your classes as quickly as possible..."
 
"Do it," Whitney whispers. "But start her off slow."
 
"I know what I'm doing," you hiss back. "I've played enough ero games, haven't I?"
 
"Homecoming is fast approaching, as you know," Rose says. She takes a handkerchief and wipes her sweating forehead. "Which means there's a lot to do! ... The Sadie Hawkins dance is next week... girls, this is your chance to rein the takes-- um, take the reins... where was I..."
 
You haven't even turned the vibrator on, but she's already losing it. This is too delicious.
 
"Right. The North High Bobcats play the Verdun High Bruins this Thursday in varsity football... tickets are $2 and you can purchase them through the canteen, the dean's office, or the student council office. Let's all wish them the best..."
 
Muted applause at this.
 
Rose continues. "Our quiz team has their first match this Saturday. Team captain Alabaster Soliloquy will lead us against--"
 
You decide this is a good moment to flip the remote on. You set the dial to 1 out of 10.
 
Despite what must be almost imperceptible vibration, Rose's spine goes rigid. Her knuckles clutch the dais tightly.
 
She continues, her voice now strangled-sounding. "--will lead us against Centennial High." She looks at you with eyes full of hatred, but takes a few moments to compose herself. She loosens her grip on the lectern and her voice returns to normal.
 
"Our boys' and girls' soccer team will be playing an exhibition match against one another this afternoon," Rose says. "You can pay however much you like for tickets. Proceeds will go to the student org fund..."
 
You move the dial to 2. Rose whimpers, almost inaudibly.
 
"--On a more personal note..." Rose says. Is she trembling?
 
"Student council elections will be held next Monday. That means w-we only have a w-week to go--" She leans forward a little.
 
"And I have wonder-- wonderful news," Rose says. She's starting to sound breathless. "I p-plan to run for a-another--"
 
You click the dial to 3.
 
"--anotherrr-- terrrmmmmm" Rose leans forward even further, her massive tits squeezing against the podium. She closes her eyes. You think you see some drool at the corners of her mouth.
 
"Another termmm as presssssident-- mhhhh" Her head slumps and her lips touch the microphone. Her sensual groan of pleasure morphs into hideously shrill mic feedback that makes everyone -- you included -- cover your ears in discomfort. When the interference abruptly ends, Rose is still a hot mess. One of the student council members approaches her uncertainly and the assembled students begin to whisper to each other.
 
Over the microphone, you hear the other student council member whisper "are you okay?"
 
"I'm fine-- I'm--" Rose's eyes shoot open as if she's been injected with speed. She takes in the room before her, jaw slackened.
 
"This is hot..." Whitney whispers to you. You glance over at her. In the darkness, it's hard to see clearly, but you can tell she has one hand inside the waistband of her spats. And the way her shoulder moves leaves no room for mistaking what she's up to. "Look at that slut squirm up there," she says.
 
Rose gulps hard several times, as if fighting for air. "There's so much to do-- so I w-want you all to d-do your best this Homecoming," she says. "G-g-go Bobcatsss! YES! FUCK YESSSSS!!! YES! YES!!!"
 
She stumbles backward and falls with a hard thud. The microphone whistles momentarily with some kind of phantom interference and then goes silent. The student council mobs Rose, some of them fanning her with papers, others trying to help her to her feet.
 
Principal Armstrong quickly glides to the podium. "Ah-- I think that's all for today," he says. "Everyone-- go back to class. Now."
 
You chuckle as students begin to file out. They rubberneck and gawk at Rose, whispering and wondering. Rumors will be swirling in no time.You and Ms. Carte try to watch the end of the movie, but you feel like you're losing focus. It was never that interesting to you, anyway -- the special effects leave a lot to be desired.

But when you try to excuse yourself for bed, Ms. Carte stops you by quickly swinging her legs over your lap, facing you. She grabs your cheeks and kisses you, and you mingle tongues for several long, luxurious moments before pulling away.

"It's been a few days," Ms. Carte says. Her voice is suddenly low and silken. "You haven't lost interest in me now that you've got younger girls to play with, have you?"

You kiss her again. Hopefully that should be answer enough. You're not good with expressing your emotions verbally.

"You know," Ms. Carte says. "I do need a sample of your -- erm, what does Vivian call it? Your essence..."

She grins devilishly and nuzzles you. Reaching down, she tugs at your zipper.

For someone who was so timid when at the start, she knows how to take the initiative now.

You push her hand away. "But... Vivian," you whisper. "Vivian's right there."

"Oh, forget it," Ms. Carte says, replacing her hand on your zipper. "I can't wait... and she sleeps like a kitten. Besides, weren't YOU the one who bruised her throat like that? Don't lie to me, now."

You give her a surprised look. In the semi-darkness of the living room, her eyes glint back at you. "Just lie back and think about science," she advises.

[ ] I don't think this is a good idea.
[X] NO BRAKES

There's a thing Ms. Carte does during foreplay: she runs her flattened palms up and down your chest while squirming in your lap and giving you the most lascivious eskimo kisses in human history. You suppose it's your fault, this last element of the equation -- you're the one who addicted her to them -- but whenever she pulls this move on you, you can't resist.

You lift your butt from the couch and tug your jeans down. Ms. Carte sheds her clothes as well, piece by piece, tossing them carelessly across the coffee table. First come her coat and blouse, then her bra -- revealing her smooth tummy and perfectly round tits. You gaze at her little pink nipples that you never get tired of sucking and biting. Her breasts are the perfect size and weight to toy with -- tender and bouncy in your groping hands, and with real heft to them. Ms. Carte has single-handedly drawn you away from being a militant DFC-only partisan.

You push your face against Ms. Carte's chest and swirl your tongue around her areolae -- first one and then the other. Mischievously, you're careful to deny her the pleasure of your wet tongue against the nipples themselves: instead you just puff some hot breaths against them, making them stiff and engorged in only moments.

Ms. Carte's neck muscles strain with frustration. She lets out a whine, a bit louder than is probably prudent.

"Don't tease me..." she begs.

You tease her anyway.

As she pulls off her pants, your hand snakes down to her quickly moistening underwear. The garment rubs against your stiffening cock as she writhes in your embrace. You let your fingers play across the cotton and feet the wet, pooling stain of her lust as it spreads. In the screen's dim light, you can see your dick glisten with your commingled fluids, and you haven't even begun yet.

"Fuck me," she says simply. "I need you inside me."

You grin. "I thought you wanted a sample of my semen for research? It won't do much good inside of you."

"That can wait for tomorrow," she groans. "I need your cum inside me tonight, it's been too long... and doesn't it feel better squirting it inside my womb instead of some test tube?..."

Ms. Carte gives a little gasp, and you think it must be half from hearing the lewd things coming out of her own mouth. Your cock surges with desire and, grunting, you tear her sodden panties from her waist. You toss the shredded article away, and it lands with a soft plop at the foot of the recliner where Vivian sleeps.

"Oh!" Ms. Carte cries at your sudden forcefulness. You twist her around in your lap to take her from behind.

"Yes," she purrs. "Put it in... put it in..."

You tease her just a little more, sliding your dick between her slick, healthy thighs a few times. The feeling of her dripping labia rubbing against the dickhead is toe-curlingly delicious -- and soon you feel the same burning fuck-lust she does. Your temples throb and your jaw clenches. You need to bury your cock to the hilt inside of her, right now. You need to feel her cunt around you.

You hold her around the waist and guide her slowly up. In the gap that forms between her ass and your thighs, you can see your cock in silhouette, huge and angry compared to Ms. Carte's mature -- but unbelievably tight -- pussy. The lips cling to your cock and refuse to let go, despite the ample lubrication.

Ms. Carte's knees are hooked over your lap, bowed out, and every time you fuck yourself into her, her legs bounce limply. Even though she's on top, you completely control the flow of the action. She's just along for the ride. You raise her up with both hands and then slam her back down, roughly, again and again. The wet sound of your flesh slapping together echoes through the quiet house. So do Ms. Carte's satisfied moans and whinnies.

Soon, you catch motion in your peripheral vision and glance to your side.

Vivian has thrown off her quilt. Sitting on the recliner, naked, she uses one hand to hold Ms. Carte's soiled panties to her face, huffing deeply. The other hand masturbates furiously, pinching and rubbing an erect little clitoris at the top of her bare slit.

Ms. Carte hasn't noticed yet: her head is bowed down and her eyes are tightly shut. You stare at Vivian, smiling evilly, as you fuck Ms. Carte deeper than ever

Vivian, locking eyes with you, responds by rubbing her little cunny even faster. The sound of her inhalations is almost as loud as the obscene mating between you and Ms. Carte.

Suddenly, Vivian throws the panties aside and falls to her knees. You watch her with perverted interest as she crawls on all fours, like a bitch in heat, to the foot of the couch.

Her nose is practically touching Ms. Carte's steaming cunt before she opens her eyes and notices.

"V-vivian," she stammers. She tries to pull off of you, embarrassed, but you hold her firmly about the waist and won't let her escape.

"Oh God, Vivian... what are you doing..." Ms. Carte mutters. She draws her hand to her mouth and bites her knuckles, powerless to put brakes on this.

Vivian starts lapping at the two of you where you're mated, like a kitten at a bowl of milk, drinking down your juices. Her tiny throat bulges as each gulp makes its transit to her waiting stomach. Her face smeared with slop and sweat, Vivian is drinking down your precum and Ms. Carte's cream like ambrosia.

Vivian's lapping becomes a wanton sucking as she covers Ms. Carte's pussy with her entire mouth. You can feel Ms. Carte orgasming around you, over and over, her insides becoming searingly hot and milking your cock.

"We s-s-shouldn't be d-doing thissss... ungf..." Ms. Carte tries to protest. But even as she says this, she stares with unbridled lust at Vivian's cute little face -- that cute face with its lips currently curled into a whorish suckling shape.

"We have to stop-- you're t-too young..."

"Oh, but you love it, don't you?" you breathe into her ear. "Come on, her mouth feels really good, doesn't it? Let her make you cum."

"It-- ah-- ahh-- FUCK!" Ms. Carte shrieks. "I'M CUMMING! OH FUCK!"

That was enough to wake up the neighborhood. And enough to make you cum, too. You pump Ms. Carte's pussy full of the jizz she wanted so much. The excess sprays out from around your throbbing dick and splatters against Vivian's face.

Vivian stares intently up at Ms. Carte as she suckles, licks, and inhales the fruits of your lovemaking. She might have the body of a little girl, but she has the mind of a depraved slut. She wipes the cum from her face and, moving her hand down, rubs it sensually into her puss. She quickly brings herself off to a cute, shivering orgasm of her own.

Ms. Carte watches this, her mouth rounded into a wide O as she cums a final time -- and then she collapses against you, exhausted from the sheer debauchery of it all.

The last thing you see as you doze off is Vivian squirming around on the living room floor, still masturbating. She takes Ms. Carte's ruined panties from the ground and huffs them again, rolling around like a sow in mud as she rubs the cum and cunt juices all over her pale, frail, naked body.Ms. Carte cocks her head and looks at you quizzically. "Is something the matter?"

"Other than the fact that my cum is going to cause Armageddon?"

"Yes."

"Seems like everything I do is a mistake. Whitney, Cerise, Vivian-- I always say the exact wrong thing." You don't know why you're revealing this to her, but it seems as good a time as any.

Ms. Carte sets Damon's file to the side and slides closer to you on the living room couch. She puts a reassuring hand on your knee. "Things are a little hectic right now. Just ride it out. I'm sure that they'll come around if you don't press things."

You look from her delicate hand resting on your leg up to her face. She smiles back. Drawing her closer, you peck her on the lips, but stop yourself short: "does that X-11 stuff work both ways? Sometimes I feel like I'm addicted, too."

Ms. Carte giggles. "Hmm. Maybe. Do you want to get a fix together, my fellow junkie?"

As you kiss her more deeply, you get the odd sense that the two of you are not the only ones in the room.

Never breaking the kiss, you push Ms. Carte partly supine as you tug at her blouse. She kicks off her socks and unzips her pants, trying to disrobe as quickly as possible.
 
Your lips trace a path from her mouth down to her chin and neck, and further down still, to her naked chest. She arches her back then falls flat underneath you, letting out a a high-pitched, adoring whine.
 
"Don't make me wait," she says. "Just fuck me. Fuck me, fuck me..."
 
"Are you two going to do this every night?" comes Mom's voice from the entryway.
 
You and Ms. Carte freeze in place, still locked in an embrace. Mom flips the wall switch, turning on the overhead light. Blinking from the sudden illumination, you and Ms. Carte squint at her.
 
"Err-- hi Mrs. Soliloquy. D-did we wake you?"
 
"Tonight, and last night, and the night before."
 
She steps past the threshold and approaches the couch where you're still hunched over Ms. Carte's body. You can feel Ms. Carte's embarrassment from the increase of her body heat. You pull away and sit against couch's back. Ms. Carte gropes around on the carpet to grab her clothes and cover herself.
 
"Honestly," Mom says. "What do you see in this slut? She's just some drunken old maid..."
 
"Who the hell are you calling old, grandma?" Ms.Carte yells. She swings her legs over the edge of the couch and sits forward. She clutches her pants against her tits to cover them -- but doesn't seem to realize that her pussy is on full display.
 
"And just look at that chest," Mom says. "Pitiful. Did you stop growing when you were 14?"
 
"Only a cow like you would think these things are small!" Ms. Carte tosses the garmet aside and stands. Her tits jiggle as she does, and she's right: calling those delicious round knockers "small" is hard to fathom.
 
Mom glances from Ms. Carte to you. Only now do you realize that your erection is evident even through your denim jeans.
 
"And on top of everything else-- she leaves you in need like that--"
 
"I WAS taking care of him, before you so RUDELY interrupted me-- hey, what are you doing?"
 
Mom kneels down before you, despite Ms. Carte's protests. She peels her shirt off of each shoulder in turn, tugging it down so that it bunches up around her tummy. Her enormous breasts come free. As it turns out, she wasn't wearing a bra.
 
"Mom--"
 
"Shh. Don't worry about that awful woman. I'm going to take care of you now."
 
You watch quietly -- as does Ms. Carte -- while Mom pulls a bottle of baby lotion from her pocket. She flips the cap open and pours a generous amount on both her tits, using her free hand to rub it in. They shine under the light like something laminated.
 
With a thumb and forefinger, Mom unzips your pants. She fishes a hand into the fly, and suddenly you feel her warm fingers wrap around your aching dick. She pulls it free.
 
"Oh, look at it throb... how dare she leave you so frustrated... she has no idea how to treat you right, does she?"
 
Ms. Carte sits next to you. Her eyes are fixed on the lascivious scene below, but there's still a trace of anger in her voice when she says: "come on, Alabaster... I thought we were going to fuck. You're going to settle for this instead?"
 
You glance at her and shrug. What are you supposed to do?
 
Mom slathers a helping of oil on your cock. She must have warmed the bottle beforehand because it comes flowing out at a delightful temperature. The thick rivulets of fragrant liquid run down your cock and make you grunt with pleasure.
 
"Shh, baby, shh," she coos. She rubs you up and down with both hands, working your shaft like a vase on a pottery wheel, applying just the right amount of pressure.
 
"Just let Mama rub your cock milk out..."
 
She lets go of you and pushes her tits together. They're so large that her hands sink into the flesh and you can no longer see them, only the indentation their pressure leaves behind.
 
Smiling up at you, she leans forward and pushes your oil-slick cock into the equally oil-slick crevice of her cleavage. It's hot and perfectly smooth, better than the best cocksleeve you've ever used. You can't help bucking your hips against her.
 
"Do you like Mama's titjob, baby? Do you like fucking my tits?"
 
Ms. Carte clasps your chin in her hand and draws your face toward hers. She kisses you, trying a seductive approach: "come on, that's boring, isn't it? Don't you want to fuck my pussy instead? I'm so hot for you..." She spreads her legs and sensually rubs her soft, wet mound.
 
"Don't listen to that tramp. Just sit there and cum to your heart's content. I'll do all the work..."
 
You lean back and shut your eyes. The underside of Mom's breasts presses against your balls every time she pushes down or you involuntarily hump up. The result is a lewd and arhythmic slapping sound that adds to the thrills of pleasure coursing through your horny dick.
 
"Ugh," Ms. Carte groans. She slinks to her knees beside Mom. "I can do that kind of thing just as well! Look!"
 
Without further warning, she shoves Mom aside. The sudden removal of pressure, softness, and warmth from your dick drives you to frustration. Your nuts are begging for release.
 
Ms. Carte scrambles across the floor on all fours to pick up the bottle of oil. She quickly pours some across her perky breasts and, balling her hands up into fists, presses them together in imitation of Mom's technique. As Mom clambers back to her knees, Ms. Carte mounts you.
 
"See?" Ms. Carte says, smiling up at you and fucking your cock gusto. "My titjob is even better, isn't it?"
 
"Unf," is all you can say.
 
"Nyah," Ms. Carte gloats, sticking her tongue out at Mom.
 
"Bitch!" Mom hollers, and body checks poor Ms. Carte. She falls to the side and Mom takes up her position again.
 
"You like Mama's tits better, don't you? Some stupid girl like that doesn't know how to do it properly..."
 
"Oh, you cunt!--" Ms. Carte says, sitting up again.
 
Even in your fuck-crazed state, you sense this is going to turn ugly if you don't intervene.
 
"I need to try both of you," you say. "I can't judge if you keep going back and forth like that..."
 
Ms. Carte mashes her oiled tits together again. "Me first, then," she says. "She's the one who interrupted."
 
"No way! I'll be the one to make him cum first--"
 
"Together," you moan impatiently, your voice low and gravelly. "Do it together."
 
They look at each other warily, but as you put your palms against each of their backs and beckon them toward one another, they don't resist.
 
Mom even swivels around to give Ms. Carte room. They sit at either side of your lap, their voluptuous breasts pushed together, nipple-to-nipple. The way the light glints off of them is tantalizing, like ripe fruit.
 
At first, they grit their teeth and stare at one another like sparring lionesses, but as you push your cock through their tit-meat, they become fixated instead on your slowly invading shaft. Their eyes lose focus as they both stare lovingly at your fucking cock. Both women squeeze their tits tightly together with both their hands to make the fit as snug as possible.
 
A new, more deviant synapse fires off in your mind. You grab for the bottle of baby oil and open it. You upturn it and let it pour out with steady glug-glugs into the crevice of their breasts. The added lubrication floods into every cranny and seeps through, across the undersides of their tits and all over your nuts. The warmth, heat, and wetness are divine.
 
But you're not done yet. A large amount of oil remains in the bottle, and you want to use it all.
 
You pour the remainder out, first over Ms. Carte's head, and then over Mom's. The translucent fluid runs in little streamers down their wanton faces, and neither of them mind the degradation. In fact their rounding mouths seem to indicate they enjoy it. Their hair becomes slick and shiny, their faces blurred and puffy-looking. Their jaws hang open as the wetness creeps down their necks, their backs, and their chests.
 
You fuck them with increased pace now, getting ready to shower them with cum. Your thighs slap so hard against them that you're sure it will leave bruises on their tender tit-flesh. Instead of shying away from the abuse, they just push together even closer, making the fit even tighter. You run your hands all over their slimy faces and bodies, the oily sensation making them feel like human onaholes.
 
"I'm going to cum," you say.
 
"Cum for Mama... pour it all out..."
 
"No! Cum for teacher... you want to cum for me, right? Shoot your cum, just for me...'
 
"Ugh! Fuck!" you moan. "I'm cumming for both of you! Stop fighting! You're both the best!"
 
You seat your cock so the head just barely pokes out from their cleavage, and let yourself blow. The spurting cum looks like a white geyser, emptying into a transparent ocean of oil.
 
In the shower afterwards, you earlier vision of being pressed between the two women as they soap each other down comes true.
 
"Be honest, now. I was the best, wasn't I? N-not that I care, of course, I just can't let a skank like that beat me..."
 
"Please. Tell your mother that nothing can compare to the purity of love between a student and his mentor. Besides, mine are perkier..."
 
Letting your hands roam free, across their round, plump asses and well-formed thighs, you alternate between kissing both of them.
 
"I was telling the truth..." you say in between kisses. "You're both the best."
 
You're not sure whose hands are working you over or whose tongues are mingling with whose after a while, but together they bring you off to another grunting orgasm in the shower before you finally go to bed that night.You shrug and ask, "You have a spare set of clothes in the locker room, right?"
 
"Of course... I can't walk around in my pitstained gym clothes all day. But what about you?"
 
You... actually hadn't thought of this. You don't have anything but what you're wearing now.
 
"That's fine," Whtiney says before you even need to reply. "We have some spare soccer uniforms in the girl's locker room you could borrow."
 
"I know you're only a few IQ points away from being on the shortbus, but in case you forgot, I'm a guy."
 
"It's no big deal. Those soccer uniforms are basically unisex. Just some spats and a tee. You'd fit just fine in one of the bigger ones..."
 
[ ] Forget it. Girl's clothes are girl's clothes. You can change, but I'll stay wet.
[X] Fine.

You're wet and you're cold, now isn't the time to enforce the patriarchal gender binary.
 
You follow Whitney to the locker rooms. Even though there's no one around, there's still a certain taboo to entering that holds you back.
 
"Don't be a pussy," Whitney scolds. "What would your anime heroes do, huh? The only difference between locker rooms is one has blue tile and the other has pink."
 
It's hard to argue. Whitney steps past the threshold and you follow.
 
What she said seems true enough. It's a normal locker room: rows of lockers, with showers at one end, and an office for the girls' soccer coach.
 
"The spares should be in that bin," Whitney says. She's already stepping out of her dripping spats as she heads toward her locker. You divert your gaze until you're sure she's disappeared around a corner.
 
You dig through the hamper full of uniforms, red and black in the school's colors. They don't look exactly feminine, but even the largest ones you can find are a bit small. Especially the spats. Could you fit into these?
 
You glance around. There's another issue. Where can you change that's relatively private? You try not to let your thoughts linger on the fact that Whitney is probably naked at this very moment just a few feet away.
 
As if on cue, you see Whtiney's panties go parasailing over the arched roof of the lockers and land next to your feet with a wet flop.
 
"Ugh," Whitney groans, perhaps to herself. You think you hear the sound of her fanning herself with paper. "What a relief... those spats cut off circulation, you know."
 
"Do you have to throw your underwear around like some kind of stripper?" you grouse, pulling off your shirt. You poke the sodden white cotton with one toe of your shoe as if you really can't believe she'd do that. If her aim was a little worse they could have landed on your head.
 
You kick your shoes and pants off. Should the boxers go too? Nah. You decide to make the heroic effort of pulling on the spats even with the extra fabric making it harder.
 
First one leg... then the other... you tug... no progress. You hop up and down and pull at the waistband, but the constriction is unbelievable.
 
"Are you decent yet?" Whitney calls out.
 
"No..." you say. "Jesus, give me a second."
 
You tug and hop some more, and end up falling back against the wall, banging your head on the brick with a wham. You feel woozy.
 
Despite your warning, Whitney appears in front of you from her row of lockers. She looks worried at first, but then sees your predicament and snorts. "Are they really that tight?" she says.
 
"What are you doing, you mongoloid? Go away!"
 
She takes a step forward.
 
"You're a complete dweeb. One hundred percent dorkapus. You can't even put on a pair of pants... here..."
 
She puts a hand on your back and eases you away from the wall. You'd kick at her-- but-- well.
 
"You have to relax your muscles, you know?" She circles behind you, her chin against your shoulder. Her wet hair is directly against your ear, and it tickles. Drops of water run down your chest.
 
"Take your hands away," she coos. "Come on, I'll help. Here--" she puts one hand on either hip and gently tugs up. "You have to be slow. It doesn't work if you do it all at once."
 
"Whitney-- this isn't--"
 
The fabric of the spats makes its transit slowly up your thighs. Her cold wet palms feel slippery against the warmth of your legs. Her breath against your cheeks is slow and steady.
 
"Wha-aa-t's this~" she hums when she hits some resistance. "I wonder..."
 
You choke on whatever it is you think you're about to say and go tumbling forward, but Whitney doesn't let you out of her grip. You fall on your face, knees down and ass up. Whitney is lying atop you in a spooning position.
 
"All your muscles have to be relaxed, Ally~"
 
You'd groan or cry out in protest, but your face is buried directly in the sopping panties she threw at your feet. Every time you try to speak, your nostrils fill with a tangy scent that makes you feel even woozier. With Whitney pressing down on you -- is she doing this on purpose? -- the cotton hugs your mouth and nose.
 
Her hands are rubbing you, slowly, through your boxers. You can't help but wag your hips in response, and Whitney laughs. You feel her arm muscles around your waist, her legs wrapped around yours, her belly against your back. Her whole musculature tenses with every giggle of hers. "Relax, relax..." she says. "We'll never get them on if you're not relaxed... isn't this nice?..."
 
Her palms tense and release with every laugh, too. They're still cold, but warming rapidly around you. You grit your teeth as if to fight these feelings, but all that does is catch some of that wet cotton between your teeth wringing out an acrid spurt of liquid on your tongue.
 
"Come on, come--" her voice is a little crazed now, a little ragged. "Relax, let it all out-- it'll feel okay once it's over, right? You like it-- oh-- look at that, are you smelling those things? You're such a fucking pervert, huh?"
 
Suddenly you find the strength to throw your head back. But too late. She's on you like a rider on a horse, and won't let up. She leans down, neck over yours, and bites your shoulder hard. And then -- sweet release. You collapse on your belly, and Whitney is still lying on top of you as your vision blurs and you try to catch your breath.
 
Lying on the pink tile floor of a girl's locker room with a pair of spats half pulled-up around you, leaking fluids into your boxers, you can't help but feel violated. This battles with the feelings of relief in your mind and makes you more than a bit confused. You've never had another person's hands on you before. Not like that.
 
You're even more confused when, finally dismounting, Whitney kneels beside you and whispers, "I came, too."
 
She reaches under your chin and pulls her panties away. You don't even fight it when she pulls your spats off and your boxers too.
 
"These are all ruined, I guess," she says. "I'll just throw them in my locker for now. Hey, are you listening?"
 
"Uh huh."
 
You stumble to your feet and brace yourself against the wall. When you're sure you won't faint, you pull on your old, wet jeans. From somewhere behind, you think you hear the sound of Whitney deeply inhaling before she slams the locker door shut.
 
"Guess we're kind of bust for today as far as studying goes, huh?" she calls out. "How about tomorrow?"
 
END EPISODE 1.
 
GIRLS FUCKED
0/6"Is this necessary?" you ask, turning your head to look in the general direction of where Whitney has concealed herself amongst the drum section. You yank at the handcuff keeping you tethered to conductor's podium, which is in turn tethered to the floor.
 
"It's all about verisimilitude!" Whitney hisses.
 
"Where did you learn that word?" you hiss back. "You're not smart enough to talk so fancy!"
 
"Shut the fuck up, dick-for-brains! You're gonna blow my cover!"
 
You sigh and face forward again, sitting cross legged against the podium. This feels a lot like how the condemned must feel waiting for execution.
 
And then you hear it. The tell-tale sound of Rose's heels clacking on the tile in the hall outside. They approach at a steady pace. And then the darkened room is lit up from the hall's fluorescents as the door squeals open. Rose's silhouetted form enters.
 
Rose shuts the door and saunters over to you. She quickly assesses the situation.
 
"My..." she breathes, hand daintily covering her mouth. "Did you do that to yourself?"
 
You yank again at the handcuffs. "This is what you like, right?"
 
Rose looks like she's about to faint from the excitement. But she composes herself, slowly swiping a hand down her blouse as if to straighten it. She kneels down and cups your face in her hands.
 
"That's *exactly* what I like, Alabaster," she says. "You're going to make such a wonderful pet. The best pet."
 
She stands again, smug. "Would it please you to know I'm not wearing any panties?"
 
You play the part and nod your head.
 
"Disgusting," Rose sneers. "Men are all the same. Even wimps like you."
 
Rose kicks off her shoes. It's clear that she's wearing the same socks from yesterday -- and who knows how many days she's worn them before that.
 
You cast nervous glances in your periphery, wondering when Whitney is going to come out. She wasn't supposed to let this escalate.
 
Rose grabs you by the chin, squeezing your cheeks and forcing you to look away from the drum section, up at her, in her eyes.
 
She spits -- a long slow blob of drool that descends viscously from her mouth before landing on your upturned face. At the same time, she rubs your crotch with her foot, applying more pressure than is comfortable. You involuntarily whimper.
 
"Is piggy scared?" Rose asks in a childish voice.
 
You say nothing.
 
Rose steps back. "Your girlfriend can come out from where she's hiding now."
 
Your heart sinks. Hearing Rose's words, Whitney leaps to her feet and charges madly, knocking over drum sets and cymbals in her wake. Amidst the horrible crashing noises of metal and percussives, Rose deftly sidesteps the attack. She grabs Whitney by the wrist and wrenches her arm behind her back.
 
Rose uses her free hand to yank at Whtiney's hair. Whitney is bent back into a limbo position by Rose's death grip, seemingly incapacitated. But Whitney grits her teeth and with a savage grunt she pulls her trump card out: Ms. Carte's taser. She jabs the taser into Rose's side, scoring a hit right to the kidneys.
 
There's the sickening "clvvvvv--" of Rose losing control of her vocal muscles. Her body tenses, and she falls on her back.
 
Now free, Whitney stumbles fully upright again and gives Rose two more zaps for good measure, this time to Rose's tummy. Rose convulses, foaming at the mouth. A foul-smelling puddle issues from her skirt: she's wetting herself.
 
"Bitch," Whitney breathes, running a palm through her hair. She stumbles over to you and unlocks your handcuffs.
 
"What the fuck was that?" You yell. "Why did you wait so long?"
 
"I was waiting for an opening!" Whitney says. "And look how close we came to really fucking this up. It's a good thing we had the taser."
 
You want to argue more, but your eyes fall upon Rose, her head turning back and forth as she writhes in delirious pain on the ground. The sight of this makes you forget the squabble.
 
Whitney winks at you. She grabs some nylon rope from her bag and hauls Rose's half-conscious body to the podium, where -- just a few moments ago -- you yourself were chained.
 
Working quickly, she secures Rose's hands to the podium, behind her back.
 
Rose blinks slowly, looking back and forth between you and Whitney. Her mind is slow to register this.
 
"Didn't know about the taser, huh?" Whitney gloats.
 
"Youuuu--" Rose slurs.
 
Whitney laughs. It's a laugh that says: the day is young, and there's so much left to do.
 
While you disrobe, Whitney has a little fun with the new acquisition. She slaps Rose in the face a few times, not very hard, but enough to make some satisfying thwacks.
 
"Come on, snap out of it," Whitney says. Rose stares at her through slitted eyes.
 
Even though she's still barely conscious, Rose's expression conveys pure, black hatred.
 
Whitney falls to hands and knees and holds her face centimeters from Rose's. "Wake up~" she says in a sing-song voice. "Wake up, you cunt~~"
 
Rose hauls back and spits in Whitney's face. Whitney is completely unfazed. She just laughs and spits right back. "We can do this all day," Whitney tells her. "I love it."
 
Rose slumps, her head lolling to one side. "Youuu will pay-- for thissh--" she groans.
 
You step forward, naked and throbbing. "She spat on me too," you tell Whitney. "Guess it's one of her things."
 
"Let's punish her," Whitney says. She holds you lightly by your erection, ushering you to stand directly in front of Rose's face.
 
Rose eyes your cock from the corner of her eye.
 
"Suck it," Whitney hisses. "Just like you did yesterday. Go on, you piece of fuckmeat."
 
"Fuck you," Rose moans, defiant even through her delirium.
 
Whitney grabs a handful of Rose's hair and rubs Rose's face in your crotch, trailing your dick leak all over Rose's sniveling face.
 
This wakes Rose up enough to send her yelling ,half-incoherently.
 
"Help!!" she cries. "Rape!! Rape!!!"
 
Whitney grimaces and stands up. She kicks Rose in the side to quiet her. Then she steps quickly out of her spats and panties. Bending down again, she wrenches Rose's jaw open and shoves the panties inside.
 
Whitney falls onto her naked butt, admiring her handiwork, rubbing her pussy furiously. "Isn't that better?" she asks you. "No more fucking noise."
 
She slips a couple fingers inside herself. She looks at Rose and says: "how does my cunt taste? Huh? Ohhh--" She shivers and mashes her thighs together as an orgasm courses through her.
 
You bend over and tug Rose's skirt off. You toss the sodden garment aside.
 
Rose's body is deliciously filled-out for a girl of only 15. She has fat thighs that give way admiringly to your touch. You grope her ass, and feel like your hand could get lost in all the smooth, supple flesh. You give her backside a sharp smack just for the hell of it and then tug Rose forward so you have better access to her lower holes.
 
"Which one first? Which one first?" Whitney asks with the enthusiasm of a child.
 
"Pussy first."
 
Whitney slithers up to watch the moment of entry from as close as she can get. One hand still works rapidly inside herself, making wet squelching noises. "Rape her!" she says, an insane lilt in her voice. "Fuck her up! Fill her belly with your cum!"
 
Rose goes bugeyed with some mixture of fear and hatred. She kicks weakly, but you hold her firmly by the ankles and shove yourself forward. Rose throws her head back and cries out through her gag, her every muscle straining against you. Her head turns wildly back and forth. She starts to cry.
 
You look down and notice a trickle of red on your cock. Whitney seems to notice it at the same time. She bucks her hips wildly with another orgasm. Then, clambering to her knees, she grabs hold of Rose's face and says: "how does it feel to get your virginity raped away? How does it feel to have a man's cock inside you for the first time?"
 
You saw in and out, establishing a rhythm, grinning evilly. Whitney has control and you let her run this show: this is great. She grabs for her bag and retrieves a really mean-looking flesh-colored dildo. She smacks Rose across the face with it to get her attention and then pulls the panties from Rose's mouth.
 
"I'll fucking kill you!!!" Rose screams in the brief moment she has to do so. But her protests are quickly drowned as Whitney jams the dildo down her throat as far as it will go. Rose's neck bulges from the foreign object's swift intrusion. She makes truly inhuman gagging sounds around the rubber dick.
 
"Choke on it, you fucking sow," Whitney says through gritted teeth. Whitney holds Rose's face steady so she's forced to watch you fucking her.
 
Rose is fleshy, but she's also quite small. If someone walked into the room, they would only see you humping, and not be able to tell there's a person underneath you. You hold Rose's shoulders and let the feeling of total dominance course through your veins. You can do anything you want. Rose is yours to use.
 
As you surge forward, a final bit of resistance breaks and you seat yourself as deep as you can go. The oozing tip of your cock brushes up against something hard and Rose whinnies, trying to squirm away.
 
"Oh my god," you groan. "I think I can reach her cervix."
 
Whitney cackles, fully demented and high on the adrenaline. "Ruin her," she growls. "Fuck her to death!"
 
You pick up the pace, making sure to bottom out inside Rose with every forward thrust. Her head bangs cruelly against the podium from the force of it. Every time you bottom out, you hit her cervix and smack the back of her head against the wood. She goes limp and pliant in your arms, her hot broken cunt nothing more than a hole for you to use to your heart's content.
 
Whitney pulls the dildo from Rose's mouth with a wet slurp. She straddles Rose's face and forces Rose's mouth forward. "Suck my asshole, you fucking cum rag!" Whitney says. She jams the slobbery dildo inside herself as she hunches forward and sits on Rose's face.
 
When Rose is apparently non-compliant, Whitney punches Rose in the kidney. Rose gags and a tiny trickle of piss squirts from her cunt. Then you hear the unmistakable sound of Rose lapping at Whitney's ass, wetly, like a dog.
 
"Fucking whore," Whitney says, masturbating. "What a fucking tongue. So wet and hot..."
 
You moan.
 
"Are you close, baby?" Whitney asks you. You nod. "Cum inside her!" Whitney goads. "Pump her full of fucking scum!"
 
Whitney falls forward awkwardly, trying to simultaneously maintain Rose's suckling mouth on her asshole while also kissing you. Just like she wanted. You return the kiss and paint Rose's womb with thick slime. Rose shudders with her entire body and howls insanely, the sound muffled by Whitney's ass. Rose's cunt convulses around you, milking you off. The three of you fall prone at the same time, a sweaty tangle of limbs.
 
GIRLS FUCKED: 2/6"You're not going to end up like Spancer, right?" you ask.

"That was my first question," Whitney says. "Getting ripped as fuck is one thing, but what's the point if I can't enjoy it? She said it would be like your operation. You're still you, right?"

"And when would she do it?"

"If I'm going to be in shape for that windsurfing thing-- I guess I'd better go see her tonight, huh?"

You gulp. That's a bit sooner than you expected. "What would she do to you, exactly? What would change?"

"Muscles, skeleton, some of my vital organs... all completely new, and 100% better. Gustav has the parts just lying around, apparently. First time I've ever been happy to hear about a guy keeping body parts in a fridge in his basement..."

You lean back, sitting on your knees in the cooling sand. The sun is an orange half-disc at the bottom of the pink sky. Whitney glows red in the twilight.

"I still don't know about this," you say.

Whitney clicks her tongue in admonishment. "Same Ally as ever," she says. "You think too fucking much."

Still lying on her back, Whitney hooks her thumbs under her bikini bottom and pulls it down, wiggling her shapely butt.

"C'mon," she purrs. "Last chance to fuck me before I'm a robot."

You embrace Whitney, wrapping your arms around her back as you lie atop her. Whitney thrills to your touch, her rhythmic heartbeat quickening beneath her tiny breasts. You hold your hand against her chest and feel her pulse through the palm.
 
"Pervert~" she coos. "Molesting me like some common--"
 
You look up, meeting her gaze. "Tell her not to take out your heart, okay?"
 
"Huh? Gustav has a special pump we can install that's way better than a normal--"
 
"Don't let her take your heart. Do whatever else you want, but keep your heart."
 
Whitney entwines her legs in yours and kisses you on the nose. "You're a real idiot for a super-genius, you know? Fine. If it means that much to you--"
 
You kiss her deeply. She surrenders to it, arching her back as if offering her body up to you. Reaching behind her, you untie her top and toss it aside, baring her perfectly formed breasts -- barely A cups.
 
The past months have taught you to appreciate busts of all varieties, but nothing beats the old standards. Whitney's chest is perfect. Two little mounds that fit perfectly in your hands. You hold them, rubbing the tender flesh in circular motions. You rake your thumbs over the nipples.
 
This indecent groping elicits a sensual moan from Whitney. She arches her back even farther, so that her belly goes taut and her calves strain. You hunch forward so that you can kiss her up and down, from her delicate neck to her navel and then back again. Her entire body is yours for the taking. You can do whatever you want with it.
 
"What are you waiting for?" Whitney whines. "Don't make me wait. Please..."
 
You rub her inner thighs. They're already slick with desire. You run your searching hands higher still, toward her bare mound, and finally swipe a forefinger across her dewy slit.
 
"Ally-- fuck, fuck-- PLEASE--"
 
You free your straining member from your trunks and pull her into another kiss to silence her moans. She forces her tongue past your lips and her eyes droop dreamily as you writhe around in the sand with her. And then you push yourself inside.
 
"Ally... Allyyyyy--" the syllables of your name become an incoherent sigh of pure pleasure as her silky, milking pussy envelops you. She humps herself against you as you pump inside of her. Your lovemaking is not gentle. Your flesh slaps wetly together, echoing against the sea's stillness. You pant like animals in heat as you relieve yourselves.
 
Her engorged labia rub against your shaft, sucking inward and smearing you with commingled fluids. Her muscles tense every time you bottom out inside her, and she bites her lips so hard you think she'll bleed. Her little hands grip your shoulders as if holding on for dear life, and she rides out climax after shuddering climax against your fucking cock.
 
"I'm cumming!" she cries. "I'm cumming in you! Can you feel it?"
 
"Yes," you groan. Her inner walls contract and spasm around you in fluttery ripples, like a warm wet mouth suckling on your cock. The velvet softness and perfectly snug shape that conforms like a glove to your manhood makes you delirious with lust.
 
Your fucking becomes less fluid, more uncoordinated and spastic, as you stab into her again and again, luxuriating in the tingly sensation of impending orgasm.
 
"I'm going to cum inside of you," you tell her through gritted teeth.
 
"Do it! Fuck me full of cum!"
 
"Ugff-- fuck!" you hiss. You let go of your load, throwing your head back in delight as your cock twitches and pulses and sprays a creamy mess in Whitney's cunt. You mash your lips against hers and breathe in her scent as you fill her with your seed.The ride after that is smooth. You keep the car at a relatively constant speed while Vivian manages the steering. The winding roads of Palau are no match for your one-two driving combo.
 
Of course, the bumpy roads have another effect. Vivian's butt keeps bouncing against you, and your body's reaction is inevitable.
 
The beast is awakened. You can't help yourself. As Vivian navigates, you reach up, running your palms along her sides. She's thin enough that you can nearly encircle her waist with both hands. You rub her up and down, the velvet of her gothic-style dress soft and warm in the sunlight streaming through the windshield.
 
"Mmm~" Vivian can't stop herself from letting out a sensual little moan. She quickly composes herself. "What are you doing?"
 
"Nothing," you lie. You rub her board-flat chest in lazy circles.
 
"This is preposterous," she says. "We're supposed to be paying attention to the road."
 
"You are," you say. "I'm just the pedal-pusher." You turn your face down and nuzzle her neck.
 
Vivian startles in your lap when you begin to suckle on her, and the car lurches to the left as she momentarily loses control. "Alabaster..." she whines, growing desperate.
 
"Focus on driving," you say. "I'll just be back here, playing with you..."
 
You reach around her front, pushing your palm beneath the tight collar of her dress. The fabric clings to your hand like a form-fitting glove as you rub her bare chest. She isn't busty enough to need a bra, so you can fondle her to your heart's content.
 
Her nipples are like two tiny stones, erect and firm between your fingers. You can feel her ribs underneath, and still further down, her flat tummy. You suck salaciously on her neck as you molest her fragile body. Vivian raises her chin and arches her back to give you better access, gyrating against you, getting into these violations in spite of herself.
 
"Jerk me off," you say, voice low with lust.
 
"Alabaster, we can't. We can't."
 
"I don't care. Jerk me off."
 
Vivian gulps audibly. She takes one hand off the wheel and reaches down between the junction of her legs, pushing aside her dress to reach your crotch. She unzips your jeans, and fishes out your pulsing cock. It stands proudly at attention, jutting up almost to the base of the steering wheel.
 
Vivian's grip is weak and her palm isn't even enough to completely envelop your shaft, but the forbidden nature of the act makes it all the sweeter. You inadvertently speed up as Vivian tugs on your drooling member and you give her a series of wet hickeys.
 
"Fuck, that feels so good..." you tell her. "Just like that. Make me cum."
 
Your fun doesn't last long. Suddenly, you become aware of a police cruiser behind you. Your heart sinks. Worse still, it pulls into the adjoining lane, speeding up to pull alongside.
 
This is bad. How much prison time is it for letting a minor drive while she gives you a sloppy handjob?
 
You reach up and put your hands on the steering wheel, pretending to be the vehicle's main operator. You hope that's enough to fool the cop if he glances over.
 
But what you can't hide is your throbbing cock, or Vivian's continued tugging on it. You want to tell her to stop, but the delirious sensations of pleasure coursing through you are too much.
 
She must know the risk, too, but she can't stop either. Vivian masturbates you shamelessly.
 
The cruiser is right beside you. You glance out the window. The officer glances back at you. And as he nods, smiling warmly at what appears to be a loving brother letting his little sister pretend to drive, you blow a smelly, creamy load in Vivian's tiny palm.
 
Your jaw hangs slack and you throw your head back in ecstasy as you orgasm. Luckily, the cruiser passes before the officer has a chance to see that as well.
 
Vivian licks up your slimy cum, slurping it from between her fingers, as you arrive at your destination.Ms. Carte's contact in Palau lives on an island in an archipelago. The archipelago is tucked into the island's interior, to the southeast.
 
You pile into a beat-up pickup truck in the parking lot of the hospital. Ms. Carte drives.
 
Space is limited, and Cerise selfishly calls shotgun, so you have to sit in the cramped cab with Mom on your lap. The roads are well-paved and well-maintained but the terrain is natrually bumpy, and she bounces up and down on your lap as the vehicle rumbles onward.
 
Ms. Carte drives past a long suspension bridge on the way. Cerise points it out, informing you that it's the Japan-Palau Friendship Bridge. "We moved to a country of weebs," she says. "Joy."
 
The truck hits a small tree branch and the cab heaves upward. Mom's body bounces wildly, her breasts jiggling obscenely.
 
You get the sense that if she really didn't want to, she wouldn't be jostling around nearly as much.
 
Still, with her body pressed against yours -- and given how long it's been since you had any form of release -- it's hard not to react.
 
"Hmm-- this truck rides a little rough doesn't it?~" she says. She looks over her shoulder at you, smiling.
 
All the while her plump ass -- covered only by a pair of stretched denim jeans -- grinds tantalizingly against you.
 
[X] Hey, are you doing that on purpose?
[ ] Ignore it.
 
Cerise stares disinterestedly out her window, watching the emerald palms and low-growing bushes whizz past. Ms. Carte keeps her eyes firmly on the road. Neither seem to be paying attention to the stealth lapdance Mom is giving you in the back.
 
You put your chin on her shoulder. Short of breath, you pant: "are you doing that on purpose?"
 
"Hmm? I have no idea what you're talking about..." she murmurs. She pushes her ass against your crotch with extra oomph as if to underline this obvious lie.
 
"You're trying to tease me," you breath into her ear.
 
This makes her lips curl into a sly smile. "You perverted boy."
 
"It's hardly perverted if you're the one doing it to ME--"
 
She snakes her hand down and molests you through the crotch of your pants, still rubbing her body unashamedly against you like she's in heat.
 
"Your perverted body makes me do it," she says. "I can't help myself."
 
You say a silent prayer of thanks for the loud hum of the truck's A/C, preventing this lascivious conversation from reaching the ears of Ms. Carte and Cerise.
 
Her hands grope and feel you up, making your muscles tense in need and anticipation. Ms. Carte wasn't lying: you're fully functional and anatomically correct. Your rock-hard dick strains against the confines of your jeans and begs to be released.
 
"Scootch forward a bit," you command.
 
"Mm?~ Like this?~"
 
Glancing to the front of the truck to make sure neither of the others are looking, you unzip your pants and unleash your oozing cock.
 
Mom settles back against you, trapping your shaft between her butt and your stomach. You stifle a satisfied sigh. Your erection pulses and throbs, pleasure coursing through it as she lets her weight settle against it.
 
"What is that, I wonder?" she says, playing coy. "It's warm..."
 
"Why aren't you moving like before?" you whine.
 
"Well-- you didn't seem to like it..."
 
You grab onto her pliant, fleshy shoulders and push her down, then release her. In this way, you force her to grind against your horny cock, controlling her humping motions.
 
"I knew you were a pervert," she says. Her voice has an obscene huskiness to it, laced with incestuous lust. "Using your own mother to masturbate... you're unbelievable.~" She brushes your hands off her shoulders and takes control. She humps herself against you in a long, slow, semicircular rhythm that drives you wild. It takes all of your willpower not to push her off you, tug her pants down, and fuck her brains out.
 
"You can use me to cum," she says. "Cum as much as you want on Mama."
 
That does it. You grab a handful of her hair and wrench her face around to kiss her, not caring who sees. Ms. Carte and Cerise look up, watching in the rearview as you give her a delicious, wet, sloppy French kiss and blow creamy ropes of cum all across her plush ass."Remember," you tell Whitney in the empty school hallway. "I want to do it on my own this time."
 
"Gotcha, gotcha," Whitney chirps.
 
You've been waiting outside the student council room for over an hour and a half. Finally, the meeting adjourns, and students begin to trickle out. You take cover in a janitor's closet and watch through the cracked-open door as, one by one, Rose's cadre of polo-clad minions leave.
 
You expect Rose to be the last one out. And as usual, your instincts prove correct. Rose is 10 minutes later than the last of her fellow council members. She steps out of the room and locks the door securely behind her.
 
She's a fucking wreck. Sweat-sheened, red-faced, hair mussed, blouse partially untucked. She walks with a wobble in her step.
 
The weird thing is you haven't touched the vibrator's dial even once today. Yet she looks worse than the day you had her on a nonstop roller-coaster of orgasms.
 
"Do it," Whitney says. "She's ready for it."
 
You don't need the encouragement. You step into the hallway.
 
"Hello, Rose."
 
Rose wheels around. Her eyes go wide and wild, like a frightened native -- pure animal panic in them.
 
She turns and tries to run, but you chase her down and tackle her in a few short steps. You turn her writhing body on its back and pin her wrists.
 
"Did you wear the vibrator today?" you ask.
 
"I'm s-sorry!" she cries. "It's not my fault! I wore it, you can check for yourself... it must have broken or something! I did everything you wanted, I swear! I swear, Alabaster, I swear! I'm sorry it stopped working!"
 
You laugh cruelly. "It didn't break," you tell her, interrupting her little panic attack. "I just never turned it on."
 
Rose shivers underneath you and then goes still. You nip at her neck.
 
"W-why?" she stutters.
 
"You don't want me to," you say. "I'd never do something like that against your will. That would be rape."
 
Rose whimpers.
 
You loom over her, sitting on your knees, and tug her skirt down.
 
"No--!" Rose screams, the fear coming back to her. "Please!"
 
She was telling the truth: she's wearing the egg. And also going nopan. Her pussy glistens with moisture.
 
"Slut," comes your simple and to-the-point analysis.
 
You tug the egg from her and toss it aside. It'll just get in the way otherwise.
 
Behind you, Whitney sets down a stool from the janitor's closet on the linoleum floor. You hear the dull scrape of its feet against the tile as shit sits.
 
Right here in the middle of the hallway -- you're about to rape the student council president while your girlfriend masturbates to it. Could life get any sweeter?
 
You pull your cock free and push Rose's supple thighs together. They're meaty, but deliciously smooth. With your weight pinning her and her juices providing lubrication, the slippery pressure pf fucking between her legs is a lot like your onahole. The heat and wetness makes you growl involuntarily.
 
Underneath you, Rose switches from fear to an attempt at defiance: "y-you're sick. What are you doing?"
 
You smother her protests with a lewd open-mouthed kiss. You force your tongue down her throat and let your drool flow freely into her. Only when she starts moving her tongue in return do you pull away. Rose's whimper this time is louder, more frustrated.
 
"I guess you're going to rape me," Rose says, a strand of spittle still connecting her lips to yours. "Well, get it over with!"
 
"Hmm?" you ask tauntingly, humping her legs. You feel her cunt lips against your shaft but resist the urge to drive yourself home. Patience is key.
 
"I'm not a rapist," you tell her. "I'd never have sex with you if you didn't want me to."
 
You pick up your pace, almost imperceptibly. At every outstroke, your glans brushes up against her clit. Rose's thigh muscles flex and her back arches. Her breathing is ragged.
 
"We can have sex if you want," you tell her.
 
"N-never..." Rose groans. "I'd neverrrrrrr--" her denial is cut off by her own thundering orgasm.
 
"All you have to do is ask," you say. "Otherwise, I can cum somewhere else."
 
Rose goes limp, and you don't have to hold her wrists down anymore. She lies there, unmoving, for several long minutes. The only noise is the wet slurp of your dick rubbing on her inner legs, and the schlicking of Whitney playing with herself.

"Please."

She says it so quietly that you're not entirely sure she spoke at all. She can't look you in the eye.

"What was that?" you say.

"Please."

"Please what?"

Rose's face contorts in a mask of anger, lust, and resignation.

"Please have sex with me."

"You can ask me better than that. Tell me what you really want."

"..."

You fuck her thighs at a steady, forceful pace. "Suit yourself," you say. "I'm fine with just this."

Rose's teeth clack together like she's shivering.

"P-please... Rape me. Use me. Pour your cum inside of me... make me your cum-dump... please... please..."

You smile.

"Well-- if you insist." 
 
You stand up, dismounting her. Rose looks at you as if you've just shot her parents. She opens her mouth to say something, but you grab her by the hair and drag her to her knees.
 
"I already used your pussy," you tell her. "I want to try a different hole today."
 
You pin Rose in a sitting position, her head against the wall. Cupping her chin in one hand and the top of her head in the other, you force your cock inside her mouth and fuck her throat like a cunt. Her eyes tear up and her mouth salivates obscenely, fast turning her face into a wet and slimy mess. Rivulets of slop run down her cheeks and drip onto her blouse, soiling it.
 
The swampy heat of her throat muscles engulfing you makes you groan. They expand and contract freely to make way for your raping cock -- there's no resistance whatsoever from Rose. Every time you bottom out, her lolled-out tongue brushes against your balls, leaving a trail of wet drool on them, and your crotch slams viciously against her nose. Every time you pull away and look down at her, her eyes have a vacant, glazed-over look to them.
 
You pinch her nose, plugging both of her nostrils, just to see what she'll do about it: the answer is nothing at all. She doesn't fight or squirm, and the only response is a slight decrease to the volume of her lewd gagging every time you thrust into her face.
 
In fact, the only real evidence that Rose is alive right now is the way one of her hands furiously mashes her clit while the other works its fingers inside her creaming pussy. There's so much girl-cum leaking from her pussy that she sits in a puddle, the bottom hem of her skirt sodden and darkly stained.
 
So far, Whitney has been a good girl about letting you run free, but she can't hold herself back any longer. From behind, she eggs you on: "tell her what a fucking cunt she is, Ally."
 
You laugh. "It's true," you tell Rose. "You're a fucking cunt. But now you're our cunt, aren't you?"
 
Rose makes no attempt to respond as you pound her fuckhole of a throat. But that in itself is response enough. She's your cunt. A steady stream of precum oozes from your cockhead and down her gullet.
 
"And even though you're a cunt, I've got to hand it to you," you say. "You're a lot of fun to cum inside."
 
There's a loud hiss as Whitney breathes sharply through gritted teeth. She brings herself to a wet, sloppy orgasm and you hear her bouncing up and down in her chair as she fingers herself to oblivion.
 
That delicious ache courses through your nuts. You bury yourself as deep as you can inside Rose's cunt mouth. "Drink my cum, you little whore!" you cry. Your cock blows off, pulsing and pouring your seed directly into her stomach.
 
Rose's back arches and her pussy squirts, droplets of her juice spraying in a million different vectors. Demented with lust, Whitney falls to her knees and clamps her mouth to Rose's cumming hole, mewling and suckling the nasty slime like mother's milk. Whitney sucks and licks, and Rose screams her orgasm into your dick. The vibration only makes your own orgasm stronger.
 
You pull away and stare down at Rose's ruined, fucked-out, half-conscious body. Her clothes are splattered with slime and drool. Her hair is mussed and stuck to her wettened face. Her cheeks are flushed, her makeup is smeared.
 
Whitney continues her work on Rose's still-creaming pussy. With a free hand, she masturbates.
 
Rose babbles unintelligibly. You poke her with your foot. "Are you done resisting?" you ask.
 
"Cum..." Rose mutters. Her voice sounds far away. "Cum... cock..."
 
Whitney laughs through her nose, still lapping at Rose's cunt. She stops to look back at you and quickly say: "I think I want to play with her for a little while. If you want to stay, you're welcome to~"
 
"That's fine," you say. "I have other things to do. We don't both have to be here every time we want to play with her, do we? She's really more like a sex toy at this point..."
 
Whitney shrugs. "True," she says. "She's something for us to relieve stress with. So, rule three: we can play with our rape toy whenever we want..."
 
She goes back to sucking Rose's lower hole.
 
"Cum..." Rose babbles. And on that note, you leave Whitney to her fun.Kay's dreams turn towards the lewd. Her mind fills with images of bunny cunny and Vivian's cruel depredations. She dreams of mouths sucking on cunts, of cocks thrusting in mouths. She's never been the type to have wet dreams, but tonight she's going to cum all over herself in her sleep. This sets off some sort of internal alarm, something in her hindbrain that realizes this isn't normal. It wakes her.

She's back in the realm of the waking again, staring at the ceiling, body sweaty and uncomfortable and unbearably horny beneath the covers. She tosses them aside to get a little airflow. And that's when she sees Noelle: huddled up at the foot of the bed, hands on Kay's thighs, hem of Kay's nightgown hiked up, face buried in Kay's naked crotch. 

"Ghh--!!" Kay chokes. Noelle, her button nose against Kay's clit, stares back at her like a deer in headlights. Kay kicks her feet wildly to find traction against the sheets, and struggles herself into a sitting position away from Noelle. She cowers against the headboard, shielding herself with the covers. She breathes ragged. Her lips tremble. Noelle, still on all fours at the foot of the bed, is like a cat poised to pounce. She meets Kay's eyes, and the two exchange a wordless, bewildered gaze that lasts for many long moments. 

And then Noelle actually does pounce.

"Get off of me!" Kay yowls, trying to push Noelle back.

"Hold still -- hold still--"

"Rapist! Fucking dyke! What are you doing!"

The catch of desperation is plain in Noelle's voice. She paws at Kay's legs and tries to pry them open again. "I just want to sleep like this! It's fine! You won't notice a thing!"

"You crazy bitch-- get away--"

"Don't fight it! Why are you being so selfish!"

Kay's heel hits Noelle in the nose, knocking her back and causing her to roll entirely off the bed. She falls to the floor with an "oof," scaring off Guy and Kuso alike. It wasn't Kay's intention to land that blow, but it does fend off her would-be attacker. 

"Fuck!" Kay shouts. Then, glancing over the edge: "--Are you all right?"

"Errgh..." 

Kay is too nice. She internally chastises herself as she reaches down and helps Noelle upright again. 

"You're supposed to ASK before you put your face in someone's pussy," Kay says.

"I did ask!" Noelle sputters, rubbing her nose.

"Yeah, and I said no!"

"Exactly! What was I supposed to do?"

Kay pokes Noelle in the chest. "You have been hanging out with Whitney WAY too much." 

Noelle folds her arms. "I don't want to have sex with you. Not if you don't want it. I just -- want to try sleeping like that. You'll hardly notice me at all."

"You are a psychopath. Oh my god."

"Please?" Noelle says. Her voice goes a bit emotional. "I just... I like you, okay? I had a lot of fun with you, after that minigolf game... didn't you have fun with me?"

Kay sighs.

"I promise I won't do anything you don't ask for. I got carried away, that's all... I'll keep a lid on it."

Kay is still indecisive. "If I let you into bed with me -- you'll let me sleep?" She asks.

"Yes."

"No groping, licking, et cetera?"

"None."

Kay sighs again. "...All right."

Hesitantly she lies back down, propped on her elbows to watch Noelle. Noelle climbs up with her, and resumes her position at the foot of the bed. Gently, she rests her face in the crook of Kay's crotch, her lips strategically resting against the tiny space between Kay's pussy and asshole -- her nose resting on Kay's wet vulva. 

Kay is still majorly weirded out and self-conscious as she stares down at Noelle in the dim light. Noelle, meanwhile, is like a person calming down from a panic attack. She breathes deeply a few times, getting her respiration back under control. A goofy smile spreads across her face, as her eyes go half lidded. She's enjoying this way too much...

"Fank you," Noelle says into Kay's pussy. Kay isn't sure whether Noelle is thanking her as a person or actually just thanking her genitals specifically.

Kay points at her. "If I ever hear you call someone else a freak -- EVER again -- I am telling them all about what happened here tonight."

"Okay. Fank you."

Kay lies flat on her back. She settles in, and takes the covers in one hand. "I'm covering back up," she announces.

"Okay."

Noelle is engulfed in darkness as Kay says simply: "Goodnight."

"Goodnight." Noelle's voice is doubly muffled now, and almost unintelligible to Kay up above.

Noelle snuggles up to her, giving Kay's supple thighs the slightest squeeze -- contact Kay flinches at. Noelle's entire world now is nothing except Kay's two wet holes in her face. Kay's perfumey scent, that feminine mixture of sweat and arousal, is amazing... the absolute best. It's like a salve for Noelle's debased soul. Nothing on Earth is better than this feeling... this closeness, this raw heat, this overpowering aroma. There's so much more that she wants to do... but she promised she would be good...

Kay tries to sleep. But the knowledge that Noelle is under the blankets, face buried in her pussy, keeps her wide awake. What a perverted dyke slut. This house really does corrupt people, doesn't it? As much as she tries to resist it, she's wet already, and getting wetter... she's acutely aware of her pussy juicing up, and she knows this can't possibly be escaping Noelle's notice either. Yes, Noelle can tell how wet she's getting. That fuels a self-perpetuating spiral. The wetter Kay gets, the wetter it makes her. The stuffiness of these covers isn't helping matters. She's all sticky with perspiration now, too... covering back up was a mistake, but it's too late to go back.

Kay's breathing is unsteady and strained. She finds herself pawing at her own breasts -- and then stays her hands, mentally cursing herself. She tries not to writhe her hips, but her hips seem to have a will of their own, and want to move against her permission. Why did she agree to this? She can't say. It's just because of how pathetic Noelle was acting, right? Not because she, too, wanted this...

From under the blankets now, comes Noelle's dreamy voice: "You smell really good..."

"Fuck," Kay grunts, unable to stop herself.

"You're so wet..."

"Shut up. Shut the fuck up."

"Do you want me to lick you?"

"No," Kay insists. "You stupid whore. I told you no already."

"Okay."

Kay chews her lip. This fucking bitch is obeying orders all of a sudden. Rather than ravish her, Noelle is dutifully refraining from any non-consensual contact. She just keeps her face nestled against Kay's crotch, smelling but not touching, her exhalations coming out hot against Kay's throbbing clit. Kay drums her fingers urgently against the satiny blanket over her chest, praying for strength. 

"Why... why do you like this so much?" Kay asks.

She feels the blankets shift, as Noelle shrugs. "I don't know. I just do... I *love* pussy... don't you love pussy?"

"Jesus," Kay says, gazing up at the stucco on the ceiling. Carrying on a conversation like this is so strange. "A little, I guess. Maybe? But... I honestly prefer dicks..." She closes her eyes and tries to envision Alabaster Soliloquy's squirting cock.

"Dick is fun," Noelle agrees. "But pussy is SO much better..."

Kay shivers, as she feels a rush of air across her cunt created by Noelle taking an especially deep breath. 

"Are you having fun, too?" Noelle asks.

"Go to sleep. Idiot. Fucking lesbian bitch."

"Okay."

Kay's pussy cramps, begging for relief. Relief Noelle is refusing to provide unless explicitly asked. Somehow the tables have turned. It's Noelle who has what Kay desperately wants, not vice versa.

It's so close, Kay knows... Noelle's lips are right there, on her taint -- those ruby-red, wet lips -- and behind them a wonderful pink tongue. All ready at a moment's notice to lick and suck and slobber all over Kay's messy orifices, ready to suck Kay off, ready to make her cum, to service her all night long, if she wants it... to relieve that aching itch inside her cunt...

"All... a-all right..." Kay whispers.

"Hmm?"

"I said all right. Fuck."

"All right, what?"

Kay throws the covers off and grabs two handfuls of Noelle's hair. She grits her teeth, enraged. "I said all right! Fuck!" She wraps her calves around the back of Noelle's head and mashes her pussy against her face. "Lick me, fucking bitch! That's what you wanted! Lick my fucking holes!"

Noelle happily complies. She slides her palms under Kay's butt and pulls Kay's lower holes to her lips. She kisses, licks, and suckles -- guzzles down Kay's tasty cream. It's not enough. Kay is out of her mind with need, and aggressively humps the woman's mouth like she's trying to suffocate her. Her demands devolve into a string of lewd insults: "Lick me, you fucking dyke cunt! Suck me off! Make me cum! Perverted fucking freak rapist! Nasty slut! Whore!"

But Noelle doesn't mind the verbal abuse as long as she's got a mouth full of pussy. She laps at Kay's holes, not discriminating between anus and vagina -- totally pigging out, eating Kay with gusto. Kay rips off her own nightgown and rubs her sweaty tit meat, luxuriating in the feeling of a skilled mouth working her over. This might be the hottest she's ever been... this feels way, way too good. Better than dick? Maybe... yes, definitely. Soon enough she's squirting a load of girlcum all over Noelle's smiling face. She feels the orgasm from deep within her belly, radiating outwards, making her legs shake. That itch inside her is being replaced with that wonderful, tingly, wet release of orgasm. She cums shamelessly all over Noelle, tweaking her nipples to heighten her pleasure, and almost passing out in joy. 

When the stars clear from her vision, she pulls herself off Noelle's face. Noelle gasps like a drowning victim being resuscitated. Her face and hair are totally coated with Kay's cunt-juice. Kay, wild and still horned-up, grabs Noelle and rips her nightshirt off. Noelle hardly fights. She lets Kay get her onto her back, and her legs in the air. Straddling Noelle and holding one of Noelle's calves for balance, drippy crotch to drippy crotch, Kay begins to grind. She cunt-fucks Noelle like she's got an invisible cock, still spitting obscene abuse at her: "Bitch! Stupid fucking cunt! Let me fuck you! Get raped!"

Noelle gasps and heaves, a lilt to her voice. "Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me," she sings. The bed bounces beneath her. "Fuck me... fuck my pussy..."

Turning, Kay gets down onto her elbows. They're all entwined, their tits rubbing up against each other, and their cumming pussies kissing, as they join lips and begin to make out. Like a pair of horny teens, they tongue each other, and cum wetly on each other's bodies. They leak all over each other, and get each other off. Their fingers slip into each other's holes -- Noelle enjoying the tight squeeze of Kay's cute little pussy, and Kay taking a sadistic thrill in prodding the rubbery opening of Noelle's pale asshole. Kay shoves another set of fingers down Noelle's throat, gagging her. Noelle responds by fingerfucking both of Kay's lower orifices at the same time. They pour sweat and cum and scream into each other's mouths and compete to see who can be the most aggressive and rapey. They do share the bed that night, but neither woman sleeps.You walk home just a little after sunset, drenched in sweat and exhausted, feeling like some kind of half-human fuck-golem. You really need a shower.
 
You left Whitney lying naked and totally fucked-out in the grass under the bleachers, babbling something inaudible, cum pooling underneath her. Rose had left you with enough pent-up sexual need to go four times with Whitney -- but that was your limit. You're not superman.
 
Of all the rooms in your house that don't have locks and really should, the upstairs bathroom ranks first. You swing open the door to find your older sister Cerise sitting on the toilet, chin on fist.
 
"Get the fuck out," she says, nonchalant. "Occupied."
 
You ignore her and look yourself over in the mirror above the sink. Your face is caked with grime from Rose's dirty socks. You look like you did a bad job of scrubbing away blackface.
 
"You smell like foot cheese and pussy," Cerise says.
 
"A person with a bedroom like yours shouldn't be complaining about that" you say, running a wet washcloth over your face. "Glass houses and such."
 
"Seriously, Alabaster. I'm on the toilet. Can you wait half a fucking minute to use the sink?"
 
"Nope." You glance over at her for a moment and then resume wiping off your face. "Anyway, why the sudden modesty? I'm surprised you're not streaming this live on the internet. You show them everything else you do."
 
"I'd just prefer it if you didn't wave the results of your latest perverted experiment with Whitney right under my nose," Cerise says.
 
You step away from the sink and take off your shirt, throwing it in a nearby hamper. "This one wasn't with Whitney," you say, winking. "It was with Rose."
 
"What."
 
You unbuckle your pants and pull them down. "Rose fucked me. She has some weird thing with feet. Crazy girl, that one."
 
"You fucked ROSE?" Cerise is more upset over this than your sudden disrobing.
 
"No. Rose fucked me. Try to pay attention. I didn't ask her to do it." You kick off your boxers. Naked, you kneel down and turn on the faucet of the bathtub. You hold a hand underneath the stream to monitor the temperature. "And plus, it was just a blowjay."
 
"Rose Mallory is the devil," Cerise says. "You fucked the devil. I can't believe you!" She grabs a hairbrush from the nearby countertop and chucks it at you. You deflect it, turning your face away. When you look back, she chucks a can of hairspray at you. You bat this away as well.
 
"Fucking chillax," you say. "I'm a victim of rape here. What I need right now is support and understanding."
 
"Like fuck you are! What you need right now is to get your dick kicked in!" She tosses a can of Axe body spray at you.
 
You pull the mechanism in the tub to activate the shower. Cerise finally stops throwing things at you, realizing for the first time that you intend to bathe right now. She quickly grabs a wad of tissue and wipes her pussy, flushing. She jumps to her feet, trying to tug her pants and her shirt off at the same time.
 
The result of this spastic haste is to send her tumbling face-first into the wall opposite the toilet. She lands with a concussion-worthy thud.
 
"Whoa there, cowpoke."
 
"Oooof-- fffff--" Cerise fights against gravity to stand, using the wall for support, pants still around her feet. She steps out of them and rubs her forehead where she banged it. "I have dibs on the shower, you skeezy scum-fucker. You'll have to wait."
 
"No way--" you say. Cerise cuts you off by kicking you in the shin, forcing you to jump back.
 
She pulls her shirt off next. Big surprise: she's not wearing a bra. Now she's as naked as you.
 
Fights over who gets to use the shower have happened since time immemorial in the Soliloquy house. The water heater supplies maybe 10 good minutes of hot water. For the next hour after that, anyone who wants to shower has to do so in ice until the heater catches back up.
 
Cerise's kick was a brilliant maneuver in the war for shower-control. With her path cleared, she leaps into the tub and pulls the pebble glass door shut behind her.
 
[ ] Fine. Let her have the shower if she wants it.
[X] Sho ga nai. We'll have to shower together.
 
You grab the shower door's handle. Cerise tries desperately to hold it closed from the inside, but with nothing for her to grip on her end, it's a losing battle. The door slides open past her flattened palms with the squeak of glass against wet flesh.
 
She stomps her feet, sending her tits jiggling. "God! You are such a little shit!"
 
You step into the shower over her protests and shut the door again.
 
This is far from the first time you've shared the shower, but it's been a few years. It feels a little strange.
 
You stand underneath the showerhead, staring at nothing in particular -- but from Cerise's perspective, you realize, it must look like you're staring directly at her naked body.
 
"Face forward, asshole," Cerise says.
 
"Oh, please," you groan. "As if I haven't seen everything you've got to offer." Cerise puts her hands on your shoulders and bodily guides you through a 180 so that you face the wall. You sneer. "You're about due for another waxing, by the way."
 
"I don't want to hear about it from you. Ever hear of manscaping? It's not just for gay guys anymore. And you're a faggot anyway, so."
 
You glance down at the rim of the tub on your end. There isn't any body wash or shampoo. You try to turn around to grab the bottles from where they sit on the rim at the back, but Cerise forces you forward again.
 
"How am I supposed to clean myself?" you complain.
 
"Christ. You're absolutely hopeless."
 
You hear the clack of an opening shampoo lid and the splurt of Cerise dispensing it into her hands. Wordlessly, she starts lathering your hair from behind.
 
"Did you go mental?" you ask. "I'm not one of your--"
 
"Shut up. When was the last time you washed your hair properly?"
 
All ten of her fingers massaging your scalp feel weirdly soothing. As if they're working in tandem and yet separately. You close your eyes and decide to roll with it. She tilts your head under the stream and rinses your hair for you, too.
 
You bask in the steam and warmth all around you. The intimate contact makes the shower feel somehow more comforting, even if the person standing behind you is your own sister. Your mind is beginning to feel fuzzy.
 
When Cerise dispenses a handful of body wash and starts soaping your back, you don't protest. She doesn't say anything, either.
 
And when she snakes her arms under yours to soap your front, you still don't protest, but you become acutely aware of three facts.
 
One: her breasts are directly against your back, the nipples poking your shoulder blades.
 
Two: you're harder than you've been at any point in recent memory.
 
Three: there's no way she's not aware of these previous two facts as well.
 
Cerise's hands start high, around your collarbone, and slowly work their way down, tracing lazy ellipses. She rests a chin on your shoulder. Involuntarily, the two of you sway a little, like two dancers holding each other in reverse.
 
"I really can't believe you're fucking Rose."
 
"I was telling the truth when I said it wasn't consensual."
 
There's a long pause as Cerise lathers you more than is strictly necessary. Her wandering hands are to your ribs now.
 
"What you have with Whitney is consensual, though."
 
"Sort of."
 
"I thought you'd be a virgin forever. How does a loser like you get so many girls after him?"
 
You force a laugh that sounds fake even to you. "Well, I couldn't let you out-slut me."
 
"Fuck you. And don't come crying to me when you get the clap."
 
You bicker like this even now, but there's no force behind it. Cerise's hands are at the bottom of your stomach. She could brush her fingertips against your erection with a simple re-angling of her wrist. It suddenly occurs to you that you've been staring into each other's eyes intently for at least the past few minutes.
 
[X] Kiss her.
[ ] Do nothing.
 
You do it without thinking. You just close your eyes and lean into it.
 
For how long -- ten seconds, a minute, three? -- Cerise returns your kiss.
 
She tastes like cherry, fittingly.
 
Your tongues slip over one another and explore the other's mouth. You feel her whimper into you, and you breathe it deeply.
 
But then Cerise's eyes bulge open with the realization of what the two of you are doing. She shoves you forward, off of her, flings the shower door open and flees. Her wet feet patter across the bathroom tile and escape down the hall. You hear the muffled sound of her bedroom door slamming.
 
You can't think straight -- you're half delirious. Your vision is blurred with lust. You fall to your haunches and jerk yourself off underneath the running water, your orgasm mind-bending and toe-curling even though you left four loads inside Whitney less than an hour ago.
 
Just a few seconds later, the water heater's 10-minute supply gives out. For a minute or so you sit in the rushing, freezing water, your skin tightening up and turning to gooseflesh, every trace of Cerise's warmth leaving.
 
You shut the water off and weakly stand. You shuffle out of the bathroom without even bothering to towel yourself off.
 
In the hall, you knock on Cerise's door. No answer. "Cerise," you say softly. No answer. You try the handle but it's locked. "Cerise!" you call again, leaning your forehead against the jamb. No answer.
 
You head for your room, still stark naked. Passing by, Mom happens to see you from the bottom of the staircase. "Alabaster!" she cries, hand to her mouth. You ignore her as you slip into your bedroom.
 
You collapse in bed. But sleep won't come. You toss and turn for hours. The steady buzz of Cerise's most powerful vibrator lasts all night and deep into the early hours of morning."Arms like this," Ms. Carte says, holding her hands up to indicate. You follow orders. Ms. Carte slides a hand under her stool and presses a button. Suddenly your hands and legs are trapped in metal braces.
 
"I'm sorry," she says, putting down the needle as you struggle helplessly. "It's really not a blood sample I need... this is awful, but... I'll make sure it feels good, all right?"
 
Ms. Carte slowly unbuckles your belt and pulls down your pants. "Unhand me!" is all you can manage.
 
"I'm sorry, I'm sorry--" is all Ms. Carte can manage, and it's maybe to her credit that she seems genuinely remorseful.
 
She tugs your jeans down so they're bunched up around your ankles, leaving you only in your boxers.
 
"Do you want to keep those on or off?" she asks tenderly. "I'll let you decide."
 
"I want all my clothes back on!" you hiss.
 
"I'm sorry, but you really have no choice--" Ms. Carte stops, interrupted by a sudden commotion outside. You hear thudding, then what sounds like Spancer shrieking in a high pitched voice.
 
"Oh God," Ms. Carte says, gulping.
 
The door opens. Spancer is lying in a bloodied heap in the hallway, crying. Standing in the threshold is Vivian.
 
Ms. Carte reacts instantly, grabbing the hypodermic needle and charging Vivian. Vivian throws up one hand and deflects the attack. She grabs Ms. Carte and slams her to the floor. She leans over before Ms. Carte can get up and pinches a nerve in her neck. Ms. Carte goes out like a light.
 
Standing, Vivian walks over to you.
 
"Don't you dare," you say. "Don't you dare!"
 
"Alabaster Soliloquy, I just want to save you. I want to make you the man you were three years ago. I want you to live up to the promise of what you can be."
 
"Don't you dare!" you repeat as she draws closer.
 
But something else stops her short. You hear the click of heels rapidly approaching. Vivian turns around to see Rose standing in the doorway. Rose leaps forward and smacks Vivian savagely with her clipboard, knocking her back.
 
As Vivian gains her bearings again, Rose pulls a rag from her blouse pocket and intercepts Vivian's charge by holding the rag to Vivian's face. Vivian's eyes bulge with indignation and shock, then the lids droop as she passes out.
 
Rose steps aside and lets Vivian fall to the ground with a wet thunk.
 
"Goodness," Rose says, straightening her blouse and surveying the three unconscious bodies in the vicinity. She looks over at you. "What strange things you get into."
 
You stare at her in disbelief.
 
"I think we're alone now?" Rose says.

"I need help," you plead, half-incoherent. "Please. Get me out of here."
 
"Oh, sure. Sure thing," Rose says. "I'll get right on that, Alabaster. Don't worry." She comes close. Somehow you don't think she intends to help.
 
Rose watches you intently before seeming to decide something. She swings her legs across your chest, straddling you, butt to belly. She leans against your solar plexus with balled-up fists so she can stare down her nose at you. Her weight on top of you makes it hard to breathe. Your lungs feel constricted.
 
"Are you feeling all right?" she asks with false concern. She speaks as if this is the most normal conversation in the world. "Are you being bullied? I take bullying very seriously."
 
"Get off of me," you wheeze, growing panicked as your shallow breaths fail to supply enough oxygen.
 
"If you want to lodge a complaint, rest assured you will remain completely anonymous."
 
For reasons you can't fathom, Rose kicks off first one heel then the other, leaving her feet clad in only long black stockings.
 
"You're a victim, aren't you?" Rose asks, stroking your cheek. You shake your head no.
 
"So traumatized that you can't even admit it," she says, grinning. "That's hot."
 
"What?"
 
"You're the biggest loser I've ever seen," she says. "Even by your own admission you're a loser." She laughs cruelly as you think back to your words at the review panel. It's true: you called yourself a loser.
 
"Bullied by a little girl, tied down by your own teacher..." Rose bows her head down and nips at your cheek. "...Letting your dyke friend force you to cum in the library..." You wince. "You're absolutely pathetic, Alabaster."
 
Rose sits up and pulls her feet onto the table. Leaning back and bracing herself against either edge, she brings her knees together and smashes the soles of her feet into your face. The acrid reek of well-worn socks invades your brain and makes your vision blur.
 
"Stopfff," you try to protest, your speech almost indistinguishable from a wordless grunt.
 
"Make me," she says, her voice low with triumph. She kneads her toes like she's using her feet to roll out dough. Whole droplets of grimy sweat ooze from the fabric, smearing all over your forehead, cheeks, lips, and chin.
 
You pull at your restraints, but can't free yourself. Rose reaches back and fondles you through your boxers. Inevitably, your body responds.
 
"You're a fucking pig," Rose coos. "Getting an erection from something so sick. No wonder you're a victim. You're so cute when you're being victimized."
 
In the brief glimpses of her that you catch in between the soles of her feet as she smashes them against your face, you see that Rose has a hand snaked under her skirt. You can feel her wetness dripping onto your chest.
 
She stops, pulling her feet away. You gasp for fresh air, face slick with sweat.
 
"Why," you ask. "For the love of Christ."
 
Rose is lost in her own world now. She spins around to look down at your tented boxers. She pokes and prods at it with her toes, giggling. "What a nasty thing," she says. "To carry something like that around all day-- it's indecent..." she's babbling now. Not good.
 
Rose hikes her skirt up as she leans forward. Her puckered bud and her sopping pussy are all you can see. "Look at my asshole while I rape you with my mouth," she moans.
 
She frees your cock and wraps it between her plump lips, moaning wantonly. She sucks, dragging her tongue across its length a few times, before pulling back.
 
"I love this," she breathes. "I love doing this to you." She lies flat on her belly and puts her feet in your face again. "Are you looking at my asshole? You fucking little worm..."
 
You shake you head and whine.
 
"I want to traumatize you," she says. "I want you to be triggered every time you see a pair of socks..."
 
She takes your entire length into the recesses of her throat now, gagging herself. Her viscous drool runs all over your balls as she fondles them with dainty fingers. The heat is unbelievable and the sounds coming from her mouth sound barely human. All the while she jabs her filthy feet directly into your nose. You pull and strain at your shackles, but it's no use.
 
You feel the familiar thrill in your gut -- but when your balls tense up in Rose's hand, she stops immediately. She pulls herself off of you and stands.
 
You feel actual pain coursing through you. "I-I didn't finish," you complain.
 
"I know," Rose says as if you're mentally challenged.. "Why would I let you finish? That's disgusting. Men are garbage. I don't want to see your filthy cum anywhere near me."
 
You moan and let your head fall back onto the table with a thud. Rose grabs hold of Vivian by the arms and drags her out into the hallway. Ms. Carte follows.
 
The idea you had put on hold the other day comes back to you.
 
"Now, if I release you... you can't rape me, of course. That would be a crime. The authorities take rape very seriously..."
 
You nod sullenly.
 
"Where is the release mechanism?" she asks.
 
"Under the chair."
 
"I like you, Alabaster. And I know if I tell you to come to the band room after school tomorrow, you'll come, right? Even though you know I'm going to rape you again. Because I have all the power. Right?"
 
"Of course."
 
She releases you.
 
You gather your clothes and limp away, stepping over the unconscious bodies in the hallway. She winks as you go. "I'm going to have so much paperwork over this mess..." she sighs.

As you leave, your erection is throbbing and you have one thought on your mind.
 
Whitney is right where you expected her to be: sitting under the bleachers by the soccer field, cooling off from practice in the shade.
 
"Jerk," she grumbles as you approach, turning away from you in a huff.
 
You stand over her. Looking up, she says: "Where have you been? Huh? All day, I wait for you and--"
 
You grab her by the shoulders and pull her to the ground, turning her on her side. Whitney goes bug-eyed as you pull at the waistband of her spats.
 
"Ally, what are you doing?"
 
She gasps as you pull your dick out and press it against the warmth of her sweaty body. "Ally... Ally, is that you?" You bite her neck and drive yourself home to the hilt. Whitney makes a shuddering gasp.
 
"We can't do this out here--" Whitney protests.
 
"Why not?" you ask with plain disinterest as you establish a steady pace inside of her.
 
"We're outside, you fucking ass! People might see--"
 
"You didn't care about that in the motel, you say." You smash your hipbone against her ass as you fuck into her deepest parts. "You didn't care in the library." You slam into her again.
 
Whitney claws at the grass in front of her, her muscles flexing, as if half of her wants to pull away and half wants to stay with you. Her inner walls contract around your dick in tune with your fucking.
 
"Ally, stop-- stop--"
 
"I'm going to cum," you say.
 
Whitney tenses up. She spins her head to look back at you with panic in her eyes. "Wait! I'm out of money-- I can't afford another morning after pill--"
 
You sit upright, pulling her into your lap so that she's facing you. You grab her by the waist and fuck her up and down on your shaft like she's just an onahole. You kiss her deeply -- she wraps her legs around your torso and her arms around your neck even as she whines and pleads for you to stop.
 
"Please don't, not today," Whitney says, fucking back onto you.
 
You stop. She looks at you in surprise.
 
"You don't want me to cum inside," you say flatly.
 
Whitney shakes her head. "You can finish-- just not inside."
 
You lift her hips up and jam her back on your cock, just once, and hard. She shivers as you hold her still again.
 
"So I can only cum inside you when you decide you want to rape me."
 
"That isn't it..." she wags herself on your cock, frustrated at the lack of motion, her wetness seeping over you. She squirms her hips in your lap and claws at your back helplessly.
 
"Well," you say. "This is where I want to cum. So fucking deal with it."
 
You tighten your grip and hammer her as hard as you can. She throws her head back and lets it happen, tongue lolling out. She goes limp in your arms and you blow your cum directly into her womb. Whitney cries out, in exhilaration and despair.
 
As you lie in the cool grass, panting and still mated together, you nuzzle her.
 
"You're an asshole," Whitney coos as your juices pool between you.
 
"Mmhmm," you say, trailing kisses up and down her shoulders, neck, and face.
 
"There's no way you didn't fuck me pregnant just now..."
 
"Mmmhmm."
 
"I can't wait to do this with Cerise," Whitney says. You feel her cunt contract around you at those words.
 
You stop your nuzzling her, grab her chin in hand and turn her face to look her in the eye.
 
"What do you think of Rose Mallory?" you ask.
 
"Hmm? Kind of a bitch," Whitney says airly.
 
"Do you think she's hot?"
 
"Oh, yeah. Too bad she's got a stick the size of Texas up her ass."
 
"Let's fuck her," you say.
 
This is the moment of truth. Is Whitney going to reject your proposal?
 
Whitney stares at you. Her eyes glimmer. Slowly, a grin spreads across her lips. "But-- what if she doesn't want to?"
 
"What if she doesn't?" you ask in a way that suggests: "who cares?"
 
Whitney sighs. She contracts around you again. "Ally, I didn't know you were..." she loses the train of thought and instead kisses you deeply. Pulling back, a strand of saliva between you, she says: "That's so fucking hot. If that's what you want, that's what I want. Let's fuck Rose Mallory."
 
You feel yourself hardening again and decide on a second round with Whitney before you go home.
 
If you're going to die, you may as well enjoy what time you have left. Let Vivian, Ms. Carte, David Darkbloom do whatever they want. You've already won.Oh fuck, here it comes. You're dumping another scalding load of jizz directly into Vivian's over-full cunt. It's your third of the night so far, and all three have gone inside her. Vivian lies under you in her bed, on her back, knees bowed with the heels of her feet touching. Her ass is half-submerged in the milky pool that all your cumming has created. Her bald little pussy is totally smeared and coated with it, too. She's a nasty mess.

You gulp and pant as you paint her insides even whiter. She grins perversely, and enjoys the high of getting cummed inside: more slop for the piggy. The feeling of cum racing through your dick and out the throbbing cockhead is always a joy -- but especially when you get to nut inside a hole this small and soft. Vivian's pussy is so tight that whenever you drop a load inside it, you have to flex your abs to force all of the cum out. Even with that assistance, it doesn't squirt so much as just wetly ooze, over the course of about ten seconds, as your expanding cock stretches her to her very limits. You dribble pulse after pulse of semen inside her; and, with nowhere to go, the semen dribbles right back out, all around the union of your bodies, and down her stippled thigh, to join the mess already splattered across the bedspread. It's a powerful fucking orgasm indeed, the tightness of Vivian's body drawing it out to an almost painful duration. You can't help groaning "ooooh," over and again as you sperm her.

Even after that third climax, you keep going. Propped on your elbows as you hump, you lean bodily forward and meet Vivian's lips with yours. Her facial muscles are lax and her expression is blank. But she has enough awareness left, just barely, to return the kiss. You join yourselves at both ends, cock in cunt and tongue in mouth, violating this small girl as utterly as you can. She loves it, of course. Although she has a burgeoning relationship with Amber, she will always be a slave to your dick: it turns her from an elegant and refined baroness of industry into a disgusting whore begging for a couple extra squirts of cock-slime. This is the true Vivian Darkbloom, the girl beneath you sucking on your tongue and orgasming like an idiot with her cum-drenched pussy. Her naked body, so anemic and fragile-looking, feels as if it will break at any second as you lie atop her. You're going to fuck her broken. That's what she wants: she wants her insides to break on your horny cock.

You know that's what she wants because she tells you so. Her slurred whining between kisses is hard to decipher, but she means it: "Alabashhhterrr... you're breakinggg meee... do it harderrrr..." 

You taunt her. "I already came inside you three times. Shouldn't you share?"

She shakes her head violently side to side, ruffling the pillowtop. 

"Greedy slut," you grunt.

Circling around the bed with a camcorder in hand, a naked Dr. Carte asks: "Is that true? Are you a greedy slut?"

"Yesh," Vivian says. Zero hesitation.

Dr. Carte gets up onto the bed on her knees, and zooms the camera's viewfinder up close to the messy spot where your cock is driving in and out of the girl she helped raise. Her other hand slowly tickles her own clitty. She sweeps the camera across Vivian's nude body to capture it in all its lurid detail, and finally focuses on the girl's face:

"Say hello to everyone at home," Dr. Carte instructs.

"You're not really going to post that somewhere, are you?" You ask.

"Hmmm. Maybe~" she says teasingly.

Eyes half-lidded, Vivian faces the lens and focuses on enunciating: "Hello all you perverts," she manages. "I hope... I hope..." she gulps hard, and finishes: "I hope you masturbate to my degradation..."

"Give them a peace sign," you say.

Vivian does as ordered, holding up two fingers by her slackened mouth. It's perfect.

"Are you a greedy slut?" Dr. Carte prods again. "Tell them what you are."

"Yeshhh!" Vivian wails. Her neck muscles strain and twitch. Still with the peace sign, she makes her declaration crystal clear for the camcorder: "I am a greedy slut cunt bitch... I am a disgusting whore! Watch me cum!"

And cum she does. Her little pussy-hole flutters and then she squirts all over your drilling dick. The fragrant smell of her cream joins the stench of raw sex in the room. It makes the slurry of semen underneath her a little less viscous. Dr. Carte captures it all on camera. 

"You are greedy," Dr. Carte says. "Aren't you going to let him jizz inside me once?" 

"No... no..." she says hoarsely. She gives up on speaking clearly. "In me... it hasssh to be in meee..."

"Fucking toilet," you sneer.

"Yesh."

"How much is it worth to you?" You ask. You lean back a bit, to make room for Dr. Carte, who's swinging her knees over Vivian's head to straddle it. From this vantage, Dr. Carte has the perfect bird's-eye view of your raping dick and how completely it dwarfs young Vivian's child-sized pussy. The position also means that Dr. Carte's own horny pussy is dripping steadily right on Vivian's face, furthering her humiliation. 

"W-- what...?" Vivian asks. 

"How much is another load of cum in your cunt worth to you?" You say. "How much are you willing to pay for it?"

Dr. Carte can't resist gyrating a little, slowly raising her butt up and down to repeatedly mash her hot pussy against Vivian's wet face. If Vivian won't let you share, Dr. Carte will take her pleasure this way instead. Every time she pulls back up, little threads of her pussy juice cling between her genitals and Vivian. 

"$500?" You say.

"Yesh," Vivian says. She wriggles around a bit, her rail-thin body shuddering with the force of your marathon fuck-session. 

"$10,000? A million?" 

"Yesh! I don't care! Anything! Jusht cum inshide meeeee!"

"All right. I'll cum inside you one more time for a billion dollars," you tell her. 

Dr. Carte focuses on Vivian's disbelieving face. "What... a billion...?" Vivian slurs.

"Oh, I guess you don't want it after all," you say. You pull your cock out of the warm sheath of Vivian's cunt.

She weakly reaches out for you, both elbows locking. "Wait! No!" 

You thrust back into her. She goes limp again, bites her lips, rolls her eyes in lustful pleasure. Dr. Carte languidly fucks her face. 

"One billion dollars and I'll give you another couple squirts of cum," you say. "That's the deal."

"Okay," Vivian says, her voice distant and apathetic to the cost. Her eyes are shimmering, and she smiles up at you. "Asssh long asssh you cummm in here... in h-h-hhereee..." She pets her tiny tummy with a tiny palm. "F-f-fill my womb... I'll do anything... I don't care..."

"There you go," Dr. Carte narrates for the video, "that's all it takes to get Vivian Darkbloom's riches. Just promise to cum in her uterus."

"Yesh."

It's a great deal, you have to admit. Nevermind the fact that you were planning to cum in her anyway. You get your cock buried as far as it goes, enjoying the way her bruised cervix hugs your shaft like an undersized onahole. You sigh and let it happen: a delicious, shiver-inducing fourth orgasm inside Vivian's little body. The semen comes out of your dick in thick glops and seeds her deepest parts, just as she wanted. 

She cums again too, screaming, but Dr. Carte cuts it off by sitting on her face. Rocking back and forth, Dr. Carte gets herself off all over Vivian, keeping the camera steady to capture the moment you defile her already-defiled pussy. When she's had her fill of rubbing her cunt on Vivian, she slides off her face with a squelchy noise and settles on the pillows, allowing Vivian to rest the back of her head in her lap.

At last you finish jizzing. Even for you, this has been a banner night. Completely sated and tuckered out, you try to unmate your still half-erect dick from Vivian's steamy cunt. But she stops you with a hand to your chest.

"Wait... you're not done yet... are you...?"

"I couldn't possibly cum again," you say. "Not even for all the money in the world..."

Dr. Carte slowly parts Vivian's matted hair from her face, as Vivian says: "But... there's more than just cum inside that penis of yours..."

"I don't--"

"Please, Alabaster -- urinate inside me..."

You stare blinkingly down at her. Then up, at Dr. Carte, who's smiling in debauched amusement. Still recording, she asks Vivian: "Would you do it for another billion?"

"Yes, yes I would," Vivian says. She uses her cunt muscles to slowly, deliciously, massage your prick back to stiffness. "Alabaster Soliloquy, I will pay you a billion dollars to use my pussy as your private urinal."

Who can say no to that? You tilt your head back and close your eyes and focus on voiding your bladder. It's hard to pee with an erection, and Vivian's messy cunt-massage is keeping you at full mast. She wants this to be as lewd and dirty as possible, and what's dirtier than getting pissed in by an erect cock? You strain your pelvic muscles and manage to loose a couple stray dribbles against her inner walls. She hisses in delight. That breaks the dam, and then it starts to come in earnest: a torrential geyser of hot yellow liquid to scrub the cum out of Vivian's cervix and womb. It flows up into her, and then backflows out of her, just like your cum did; and just like your cum, it adds to the horrible stinking mess on the bed below. Vivian doesn't care, and rides out climax after climax on your pissing dick. Dr. Carte, ever the helpful camerawoman, gets it all down on video. You wonder whether she'll really post it. Or... maybe even better... it could be used to blackmail Vivian into doing all sorts of new, horrible and degrading things. 

When finally you're empty, you pull out of her. Like a plug from a bathtub drain, your cock's exit from Vivian's little body unleashes a whirlpool of liquid. Vivian is lying in a nasty puddle of cum and piss, and she could not be happier. You and Dr. Carte have the same idea at the same time: you each yank her around by her hair, and force her face-down into the soupy mixture. 

"Clean up after yourself, cunt," you spit. 

"Mmmmmfff," she mutters deliriously, sucking and licking at the mixture. "Yesh, of courrshee..." Jaw hanging open, she draws her little pink tongue in lazy circles.

For minutes on end, piggy little Vivian Darkbloom feeds on your commingled fluids, slurping it all down into her hungry tummy. She sucks and licks, drinks and chews the clumpy wads of pissy cum until it's all gone, and the only thing left is a huge wet stain on the covers. Dr. Carte, who's an even worse pervert than you, isn't happy with just that. She hands the camcorder to you when Vivian is done with her meal. She takes Vivian by the ankles and doubles Vivian's body over itself, butt in the air. "Pee on yourself," she commands.

Vivian resists not at all: just opens her mouth again and lets her own stream loose. You and Dr. Carte share a loving kiss as you watch the sight of Vivian on the stained bedclothes, pissing all over herself. She catches a great deal of it in her mouth, but she can't control it that well, and at least as much of it ends up splattering her cheeks, forehead, and eyes, before running in rivulets down to the covers. Of course you make her suck that up, too. By the time it's all over, you swear you can see just a little bulge in Vivian's almost anorexic belly.

Dr. Carte, who's not shy at all about getting messy herself, curls up with Vivian on the soiled bed. Vivian is completely sapped from the abuse, and close to unconsciousness. Dr. Carte kisses her all over, her lips traveling across Vivian's sloppy body. From the young girl's skin, she licks and suckles the mix of sweat, cum, and urine -- yours and Vivian's.

As you pull on your underwear, you ask: "How are you going to pay me? I'll take some of your stock positions if that would be easiest for you."

Vivian smiles wanly at you even as Dr. Carte's lewd mouth continues its ravishment. "You are quite the comedian, Alabaster."

"I'm not fucking joking," you say. "Do I look like I'm joking? You owe me $2 billion."

Vivian's eyes turn to saucers. "You-- cannot be serious--"

"Now, now," Dr. Carte purrs. She pecks Vivian on the forehead. "You did make a promise, didn't you?"

"But I..."

"If you don't pay him... I might be forced to post the video we made, after all..."

See? Blackmail is so fun. Vivian is breathless with frustration and helplessness.

Dr. Carte kisses her soothingly on the lips. "Welcome to the Nail House, honey," she says.You glance around, trying to think of something to cheer her up. "Hey--" you say. "I haven't been swimming yet. You want to test the water with me?"

Vivian looks up at you. "Test the water..." she repeats. Then she shakes her head curtly. "I apologize. I am unfamiliar with the mechanics of treading water."

You gawk at her. "...You don't know how to swim?"

"Correct," she says.

You sigh. But glancing back at Gustav's house, you notice some bodyboards propped up against the wall.

"That's no problem," you tell Vivian. "I'll take you swimming anyway."

Vivian lies prone on the pink bodyboard you select for her. You hold her, one hand on her little butt and one between her shoulders, as you guide her into the ocean.

Vivian winces as the water rises around her and flows over the underside of her belly. Her onepiece becomes sodden and clings to her pale skin.

"Please don't let go of me," she says, voice trembling.

"I'm not going to let go..." you grumble. "Geez."

Ms. Carte walks beside you, petting Vivian's hair to encourage her.

"What's up with the two Spancers, anyway?" you ask, jerking your head back toward the beach where Spancer 1 and Spancer 2 are still horsing around.

Vivian dogpaddles weakly against the surface to no discernible effect. All she manages to do is kick up a few tiny splashes. "Mmph--" she hums, struggling. Her cheeks puff out in a cute pout.

Having waded out until the water reaches your knees, you and Ms. Carte stop. Vivian floats between you, immobile.

"One is Spancer, and one is a model Gustav made," Ms. Carte says. "Like a male Viv-tan."

"So... which one is the real Spancer?"

"That's a question for the philosophers, I think."

"Mmmph," Vivian pouts. You look down at her. "Why has our progress ceased?"

You grin with a sudden mischievous impulse, and pull the bodyboard out from underneath her. Her face slackens with terror. But at the very same instant, you sweep your arm under her, keeping her from falling into the water.

You pull Vivian upright and against your body. She's so thin that you can feel her little ribcage against your fingers as you hold her.

Ms. Carte grabs the bodyboard before it floats away, and holds it by her side.

"What are you doing?" Vivian demands.

Keeping her held tight, you back away, deeper into the cool sea, the water slowly submersing you to the waist. The warmth of Vivian's body translated through her slick swimsuit is heavenly.

"Alabaster," Vivian says, kicking her feet underneath the water. "I-- I admit to being rather terrified at this juncture."

"Why are you scared?" you ask. "I've got ahold of you."

"Please don't let go."

"You're like a broken record, you know? I'm not going to let go of you."

"Not ever?"

"Well," you laugh cruelly, "I can't promise THAT much--"

"Alabasterrr--" she whines.

You nuzzle the top of her head to let her know you're joking. She sighs sweetly.

"Just so you're aware," Ms. Carte says, "I recommend against vaginal intercourse. For a number of reasons. First of all, we don't know what kind of effect it will have on either of you. Secondly--"

Ms. Carte sighs as she watches your mutual nuzzling become a deep and tender tongue-kiss. You and Vivian stare at one another with heavily lidded eyes.

"Well, I guess you're going to do what you want to, huh?" Ms. Carte says. "Just try not to cause Armageddon. And don't say I didn't tell you so."

She turns and wades back to the shore.

"Intercourse..." Vivian repeats, pulling back from you. "Should we...?"

"Well-- if you want," you tell her.

You rub her board-flat chest through her swimsuit, teasing her nipples to hardness. She oohs and aahs at your touch, lips contorting into a lustful grimace. You nibble on her tiny earlobe.

"There are-- others, nearby," Vivian says. And she's right. There are plenty of people around now. Cerise is still sunbathing, Mom and Whitney are still tussling in the water a couple dozen yards away -- the two Spancers are playing around on shore, Ms. Carte is conversing with Gustav -- even Rose is returning to the island from her little excursion. All around you, the beach buzzes with activity.

"It's fine," you whisper. "No one can see what's happening under the surface."

You step out of your trunks, reveling in the sinful feeling of being a skinnydipper. Your hot cock presses insistently against Vivian's bottom. She chews on her lip and flushes, turning a shade of crimson.

"What do you want?" you ask, running kisses up and down her face and neck, groping her lasciviously. If anyone from civilized society saw you right now, they would certainly brand you a molester -- after all, that's exactly what you're doing -- but here in this island paradise, it doesn't matter. Underneath the surface, Vivian rubs her legs against your thighs and her feet against your knees.

"I-I want..." she stammers. "S-sex."

"What was that? Didn't quite hear you."

"I w-want you to please... have sex. W-with me."

"Hmm, I'm not sure how to do that. What does that kind of thing involve, exactly? Be specific."

Vivian cranes her head back, straining to look up into your taunting eyes. "I want you to take your-- your penis-- and then..."

She trails off, blushing.

"My penis, check," you say. You thrust your cock in between her thighs, rubbing it against her darling cameltoe. "What should I do with it?"

"I-inside," she says. "Inside of me."

You turn her around in your arms so that she faces you. She braces herself against you, palms flat against your chest, as you reach down and tug her onepiece to the side far enough to permit entry.

"Here?" you ask, rubbing your thumb against her puffed-out, pulsing slit. "Inside your cunt?"

"Y-yes," she says, nodding. "Inside my c-c-cunt." She stumbled adorably on the profane language.

You pull her close. She hugs you, her spindly arms linking together across your back. You grip your cock by the base and guide it home, rubbing your head against her impossibly small pussy lips.

"This might hurt," you warn her.

You thrust.

"Ah!" she moans. Even though only the head is in, she registers pain at the sudden invasion. She locks her legs around your waist and hunches up as if trying to curl into a ball around you, as you tear away her virginity.

You push forward, meeting rubbery resistance as inch by agonizing inch of your cock shaft slides into the suckling tightness of her insides. Her walls cling against you, stretching to their very limits. It's almost painful even for you.

You aren't halfway in before your cockhead hits the hard nubbin of her cervix and can't progress further.

You begin to pull out, but she stops you, tapping you on the back. You stare into her eyes.

"More," she tells you. "I want all of you..."

You marvel at this tiny, birdlike creature in your arms. "Are you sure?" you ask, feeling her cunt muscles contract around your dick -- your dick that is much, much too large to be raping itself into such a small body.

"All of you," she repeats.

You thrust forward again. This brings a new round of pained mewls from poor Vivian. She digs her fingernails into your back but endures it as your force your cock past the ring of her cervix and forward, forward into her very womb. Her uterus balloons out and expands to grip the head of your dick, like a tiny little onahole, but the position still leaves a couple inches of your shaft outside of her body.

"More..." she pants. "All of it..."

You push forward, completely violating her virgin body. Her womb expands and stretches to accomodate your fuck-shaft.

When you're fully inside of her, you allow her a moment to adjust. She squirms and wiggles, impaled on you.

"It feels--" she begins. She looks up at you. "It feels good."

"Really?"

"It feels very good. Very... mmm~... very good. I'm full with you. I'm completely full with you."

"Oh God, Vivian, if you say things like that--"

"It's okay," she says. "You can ejaculate inside of me whenever you want. My womb is made to hold your sperm."

"Fuck, Vivian..." You pull out and thrust into her, jostling her small body, causing her teeth to clatter. "Fuck. You're so tight. You're so little..."

"Yes," she agrees. "Then -- please accept me as your little cum receptacle."

"Fuuuck," you groan. Her womb, cervix, and pussy spasm all around you. It's hot, snug -- and so incredibly nasty. You lay your cheek against her head and fuck yourself in and out of her child-sized hole to your heart's content.

You could break her, completely ruin her, and she wouldn't mind it at all.

"Say that again," you tell her.

"Please use me as your little cum receptacle."

You rub her clit with a thumb as her reward. "I love you," you tell her.

"I... love you, too."

"I'm going to cum inside of you. I'm going to let all of my cum out inside of you."

You pound yourself into her three more times, each one harder than the last. Slam-- slam-- SLAM-- and then you drain your aching balls into her little loli fuckhole, her little quivering womb that exists only to hold your cum. Your cock spits and spews and blows rope after slimy rope of cum inside of her, marking her as yours forever.

You kiss her, and she screams her own orgasm into your mouth.

GIRLS FUCKED: 4/6The open bar is a large circular wood hut with a thatched roof, arrayed all about with stools. The place is mostly full, and two harried bartenders struggle to keep up with business. 

You almost don't recognize Ms. Carte as you approach. She sits with her back to you, straight-spined and ladylike, wearing a long and elegant black dress complete with lei. The transformation is hard to believe. 

She keeps a place reserved for you with an expensive looking leather purse on the stool beside her. You sidle up and sit, handing the purse back.

"Well hello there," she purrs. "Come here often, stranger?"

"You look amazing," you can't help saying. And it's true. Her breasts appear to defy gravity, pushed up and together by the sheer black fabric. She almost seems to glow under the soft relief of candlelight all around her. Her face is youthful-looking and rosy, belying her true age. 

She also might be a bit drunk, if the empty glasses surrounding her are any indication.

"Where did you get that dress?" you ask.

"I bought it," she says. "Just a few minutes ago. The purse, too. I could never have afforded this kind of thing before, but Rose has been awfully generous with her credit card. It's basically free money."

You laugh, rubbing the crown of your head. "Yeah..." you murmur, trailing off.

"Here," she says, pushing a bowl toward you. "They serve soup here. I looked all over for a booth that serves sandwiches but these uncivilized savages aren't into that kind of thing. So this'll have to do."

You pick up your spoon and poke at the noodles. "Is this ramen?" you ask.

"I believe so. Never much liked it... too many memories of grad school."

You start eating. Ms. Carte does, too. "I already had a bowl, while waiting for you," she says between mouthfuls. "The kind they serve here has a sort of curry in it, very spicy. And you'll find chunks of beef, too... this stuff could make me rethink my anti-ramen stance..."
 
"It's fine," you say noncommittally, slurping up spoonful. To be honest, you're more focused on Ms. Carte than the food. The slit of her dress reveals a glimpse of her child-bearing hips and thighs fills you with lust. You stare at her unashamedly.
 
"Contain yourself, young man."
 
You raise your eyes to meet her.
 
"We're in public," she chides. But she spreads her legs wider so the hem of her dress bunches up a little further. She winks.
 
"Ever hear a song called Hot for Teacher?" you ask.
 
"Of course. Unlike you, I was alive when it came out."
 
"It came out in 1984. You were a baby. That hardly counts."
 
She narrows her eyes. "It SO counts, you little shit." She reaches out, putting a hand on your knee and swiveling around to face you. "Don't make me beat you."
 
"You couldn't even if you tried. You made me into Superman, remember?"
 
"Maybe. But *I* know where your off switch is."
 
"...I have an off switch?" you ask.
 
Ms. Carte swivels back around and brings her bowl to her lips, sipping at the dark broth. "Hmm, maybe..." she says. "That would be a hell of a design flaw, though, wouldn't it?"
 
"Be serious," you say. "You've got me a little scared now."
 
Ms. Carte sets her bowl down. She puts her hand on your leg again, this time much higher. She gives your thigh a squeeze.
 
"I know where your on switch is, too," she says, her voice like silk.
 
"We're in public," you say, turning her words against her. The truth is, you don't want her to stop. But you can't resist getting one over on her, anyway.
 
Ms. Carte glances from side to side. All around, people converse and drink, laugh and shout. No one is paying any attention to two quiet lovers sitting at a bar together. You can see these conclusions clicking together in her mind just as they click together in yours.
 
"What these people don't see won't hurt them," Ms. Carte says. She runs her hand further still, her fingers twiddling with the drawstring on your swim trunks.
 
The bar has an overhang that casts the ground beneath it quite nicely in shadow. In combination with the descending dusk and the festival's dim mood lighting, it makes for a nice space to have some fun.
 
[ ] I want Ms. Carte to service me.
[X] I want to service Ms. Carte.
 
Ms. Carte's forwardness is adorable, but you want to keep her on her toes -- the subtle gamesmanship of your relationship practically demands it. And you know if you turn the tables on her, she won't know what to do with herself.
 
You take your spoon in hand and drop it on the ground between your stools.
 
"Whoops," you say, voice flat. "I better get that."
 
Ms. Carte's face is shadowed with uncertainty. You slide off the stool and slink to the ground, concealing yourself in the shadows. You hold Ms. Carte by the knees and guide her around so she faces forward. She doesn't fight you as you push her thighs apart. The supple skin gives like a pillow to your curious hands.
 
"Alabaster," Ms. Carte whines, trying to keep her voice low, "what are you doing down there?"
 
"You're not wearing panties," you say, tsking. "Bad girl." You hike her dress up almost to her butt, baring her soft pussy. The lips throb visibly with arousal.
 
Ms. Carte alternates between shooting paranoid glances all around to make sure no one is noticing, and staring longingly down at your ministrations. She bites the nail of her pinky, her eyes glimmering, as you breathe hot breaths against her wet cunt.
 
"Stop teasing me," she begs.
 
You purse your lips and release a steady stream of air against the pink pearl of her clit, like blowing out birthday candles. "Unfff--" Ms. Carte grunts, hunching forward. You hear the thump of her elbows against the bartop and the clatter of glassware being pushed aside. There's a lull in nearby conversation and you can feel people turning to look, but no one seems to notice you underneath the stool.
 
"Please, please, please," Ms. Carte whispers. "Please..."
 
You lean in and inhale her scent. The deep headiness of it makes your mouth water. With no pubic hair to trap her juices, they pool lewdly underneath her.
 
Sensually rubbing her thighs with your fingertips, you push out your tongue and lay it flat against her cunt.
 
Ms. Carte gasps breathily, once, twice, her entire body shivering. It sounds animal and primal, like a rutting dog finally finding its relief. "More," she heaves. "Fuck, I need more..."
 
You swirl your tongue around, focusing on the outer lips and hood. Sometimes the tip of your tongue pushes past her opening and explores the velvety insides of her drooling pussy as you lap her up and down. Better than a package of ramen, that's for sure.
 
You run a hand underneath her, stroking the milky globes of her ass and toying with her anus. Ms. Carte pants with lust and bucks her hips. "Inside," she says, "go ahead, put it inside. Finger me-- stir me up--"
 
You wet two fingers with her juices and push them past her rosebud. Her ass clenches around you as you force your the digits in and out. Ms. Carte's cream pours like warm honey, slightly viscous and sweet against the back of your throat.
 
The stool creaks as she starts to hump you. Neither of you care. She pushes her mound and clit against your nose. Your tongue goes rigid and penetrates her deeply with each thrust of her hips. You scissor your fingers back and forth, violating her cute ass and eliciting new mewls.
 
She grabs your hair and mashes herself against your face with abandon. Soon she cums all over you. "Fuck!" she half sighs and half screams. "I'm cumming! Drink it! Drink my cum!"
 
You obey, though you don't have much of a choice. Ms. Carte's ass spasms rhythmically and she squirts a virtual geyser of girlcum all over your mouth, lips, face, and chest. The surrounding din grinds to a halt and you know everyone in the vicinity must be watching this older woman using your teenage mouth as a cum receptacle. Well, let them watch. You never minded giving people a show.
 
"I love you!" Ms. Carte wails, her voice clear but trembling. "Eat me! Fucking eat me!! I love you!"
 
You drink her love, every drop.You find your way to a cabana housing rows of extremely long beachwood tables, where hundreds of the festival attendees are already being served. Men with carts walk up and down the aisles, handing out paper plates of roasted pork and plastic cups of kava.

Rose and Whitney are here, with Vivian in between them. The two older are resting their hands on Vivian's inner thighs in a manner that certainly isn't chaste. They stroke her little legs languidly up and down, in sync. Vivian doesn't seem to be in distress over it. In fact she seems to rather enjoy the attention.

Ms. Carte plops down next to Whitney and you sit beside Rose. "Where are Mom and Cerise?" you ask.

"No idea on Cerise," Whitney says, leaning forward to catch your eye. "But Mommy dearest decided she wanted to help the dessert chefs herself. She should be out when dessert is served."

[ ] Go looking for her now.
[X] Wait for her here.

Whitney and Rose ply Vivian's legs. Vivian stares ahead, her eyes fogged over with a kind of low-level buzz from the groping.
 
"You're cute," Whitney says.
 
"I agree," Rose says. "I completely agree."
 
Even in her own still-dazed state, Ms. Carte can see that this interaction is a bit racy. She watches with interest, head lying on folded arms. She doesn't intervene.
 
"That swimsuit is cute," Whitney says.
 
"I agree," Rose says. "I completely agree."
 
"Your face is cute," Whitney says.
 
"I agree--"
 
"Um, excuse me," you say. "I hate to intrude, but this feels a little..."
 
"Oh, you're one to talk!" Whitney and Rose snap in unison.
 
You'd press the issue, but then:
 
"Please do not stop..." Vivian mumbles. "I... enjoy these sensations."
 
"Oh, you ARE cute," Rose says, practically squeaking with delight. Her and Whitney's movements become yet bolder still.
 
"You're a slut," Whitney says, whispering directly in Vivian's ear. Vivian lets out a shocked little "mmf" at this.
 
"Not that there's anything wrong with being a slut," Rose adds, whispering into her other ear. Vivian squirms.
 
"Because you're *our* slut," Whitney says.
 
"Does our slut want us to make her feel even better?" Rose asks.
 
Vivian, bright red and trembling, can only nod her head.
 
In unison, Whitney and Rose push their hands into Vivian's onepiece. The spandex is so tight and constrictive that you can see every line and curve of their fingers as they rub Vivian's crotch up and down.
 
"Mm," Vivian murmurs again.
 
"She's wet," Whitney reports.
 
"Dripping wet," Rose adds.
 
They nibble on Vivian's earlobes as they masturbate her and whisper obscenities into her ears that you can't quite make out.
 
"Slut..."
 
"...horny cunt..."
 
"...your little clit..."
 
"...until you pass out..."
 
"...meat toilet..."
 
"...whore..."
 
"...own you..."
 
"...whenever we want..."
 
Vivian writhes and suppresses her moans under this barrage of sexual violation. As demure as she usually is, she can hardly contain herself.
 
Vivian's jaw hangs open, her tongue drooling freely in her mouth, saliva trickling down her chin. Whitney and Rose kiss her up and down her neck and cheeks.
 
"I'm going to climaxshh," Vivian slurs.
 
"Darling," Rose says. "Darling, darling. Cum for your big sisters." She pushes Vivian's face against her cowtits, briefly suffocating her.
 
"Ah- ahhnn--" Vivian sighs.
 
"That's it," Whitney says. "Right here in front of everyone. Cum!"
 
Vivian's eyes roll to the back of her skull and she falls backward. With perfect timing, Rose and Whitney dart their free hands back to catch her, never for a second letting up on the vicious molestation.
 
"You're not getting away that easily," Rose says.
 
"You're not done cumming until we say you are!" Whitney says.
 
The girls' hands clench underneath Vivian's swimsuit, rubbing orgasm after orgasm from the exhausted little girl. The two are merciless and they work in perfect tandem, like two halves of one sick mind. Vivian never stood a chance. She goes limp and half-unresponsive, the only clue that she's still conscious being the little groans and sighs of her rolling, never-ending orgasm.
 
"Dyke bitch," Whitney says.
 
"You're addicted to cumming, aren't you?" Rose asks.
 
"Yessh... addicted... I love cumming-- I love cumming--"
 
She rolls her head side to side, repeating herself like a broken record. You can hardly believe no one else nearby is paying attention to this scene, but that's certainly for the best. Ms. Carte pushes her thighs together and apart, her eyes glued to the lascivious action before her.
 
A man with a cart of food rolls by, the wheels squealing, the tin exterior clattering. Rose and Whitney see it approach. Taking the cue to end it, they withdraw their hands from Vivian's swimsuit. The poor little cum-addled girl lurches forward and collapses against the tabletop.
 
"Cum... cum..." she repeats, her eyes distant-looking. Whitney and Rose pet her hair, and it feels like two lions gloating over a felled gazelle.

---

Whitney and Rose devour their helpings of roast pork and taro, tearing at the food with their bare fingers like animals, washing it down with gallons of kava. Ms. Carte merely picks at her serving. And poor Vivian is still too much of a mess to eat at all. She lies slumped against the table, drooling.

"I think we fingerbanged her retarded," Whitney says between bites.

"Oh, she'll be fine," Rose says. She prods Vivian's shoulder and receives no intelligible response but the word "cum" slurred over again. 

"...She'll be fine, *probably*," Rose qualifies.You turn around. Cerise is standing before you. She's holding the cucumber you picked out for her.
 
"Is this... really like yours?" she asks.
 
"Pretty close," you say, feeling a thrill of adrenaline course through you.
 
"It seems so much bigger than I remember... fatter..." Cerise says. She cocks her head and stares at it from the side, transfixed. "Holding it in my hand like this is-- different, somehow."
 
Despite how dusty this little cabin is, you can actually smell her growing arousal, mingled with the slightly sour odor of her sweaty body.
 
>What will you do?
 
[X] Compare and contrast
 
"We could do a side-by-side comparison if you want."
 
Cerise's eyes sparkle in the dim half-light of the boathouse.
 
"H-here?" she says.
 
"You're the one who came in here asking about it," you say. "And you closed that door for a reason, didn't you?"
 
Cerise twists around to look at the closed boathouse door. "I guess I did," she says, turning back to face you.
 
"Go on, then," you tell her. "Take a look."
 
Cerise approaches you. Her hand is trembling as she reaches out and hooks a finger in the elastic of your trunks. The back of her hand brushes against your hips as she tugs the shorts slowly down. The contact tickles. And knowing that it's her hand -- thinking about what's going to happen -- makes your member twitch, filling with blood.
 
The trunks slide past your rapidly hardening penis. Free of its confines it springs up, bouncing obscenely in the warm air.
 
Cerise gasps when she sees it, holding her hand to her mouth. Your shorts crumple around your ankles and you step out of them, pressing your body to hers. Both of you are slick with sweat.
 
"I showed you mine..." you say. You undo the string on her bikini. She stands rigid as the garment splits apart and falls to the ground.
 
The tiny boathouse reeks of your collective horniness. The musk of your cock mingles with the womanly scent of her leaking pussy and makes a heady odor that almost overpowers you.
 
You hold her by her slender shoulders and kiss her -- not the gentle kiss from under the bridge, but forcefully, roughly, forcing your tongue into her mouth. She accepts it all, breathing in your passion. You pet her lustrous hair and cradle her delicate neck. She sighs in pain as your hand rubs against a raw spot on the back of her neck -- the beginning of a sunburn.
 
Cerise goes to her knees. She lays one palm flat against your calf, and with the other she juxtaposes the cucumber to your pulsing shaft.
 
Her eyes dart back and forth between the two.
 
"I think I did pretty good," you say. "Don't you?"
 
Cerise takes her free hand and runs a forefinger across the length of your cock. You revel in a delicious but frustratingly brief burst of carnal pleasure.
 
"It even has the same little curve to it," she says. Her breath comes out hot against your aching cock.
 
"I... want to test something..." she says. She leans her neck way back, baring the tiny, vulnerable, and pale hollow of her collarbone. Opening wide, she slides the cucumber past her pink lips and into her yawning mouth, coating the vegetable with her saliva. She pushes it back, inch by inch, as far as she can take it. She makes it about two thirds of the way, until she begins to gag and sputter around it. Her narrow throat bulges from the invading object.
 
When she pulls it out, it makes a delightfully nasty wet squelch.
 
You run your hands once more through her jet black hair, rubbing her from from forehead to crown and back again. She stares up at you, waiting for what comes next.
 
"I-- I think I'm losing my mind..." she says.
 
"Me too..."
 
You buck your hips forward, touching your cockhead to her lips. She parts her mouth and lets you in.
 
The warmth and wetness sends shudders up your spine. Cerise's mouth is better than a million cocksleeves, better than any mouth or any pussy you've ever had. Her saliva, her limber tongue, her smooth cheeks -- and her eyes that never, not for a second, look away from yours -- it's paradise.
 
You let Cerise control the pace, simply petting her as she does the work. She bobs her head, taking you in slowly, almost agonizingly so. At the same time, you see her reach down and rub the cucumber against her sopping pussy, letting her the cream from her labia run down its length.
 
When Cerise has your shaft as deep as she can tolerate, your glans resting against the back of her tongue and her clenching gullet, she rises to her haunches and penetrates herself with the makeshift toy.
 
"Mmfff~~" she moans around you, the vibration traveling through your manhood in ripples. She wags the tip of her tongue, just barely brushing it against your balls, as she humps herself against the cucumber that has become the vehicle of your ersatz incest.
 
There's something lovably perverted and yet heart-rendingly pure about this. Cerise's needful cunt makes an audible sound -- 'schlick' is an appropriate onomatopoeia -- as she slides it in and out of herself at an increasingly erratic pace. So too does her cocksucking produce truly filthy noises that make you grit your teeth and grunt as she violates her own throat with your leaking prick.
 
But the way she stares into your eyes, as if looking into your very soul -- there's something still sisterlike underneath the animal desire, a bond between the two of you different from anything else. You love your older sister. She loves her younger brother. And because of that, you're about to cum directly in her throat.
 
Who said you're not a romantic?
 
"Cerise!" you cry. "Cerise, I'm going to cum!"
 
"Mmf-- mmff!" she mumbles. The tone sounds like encouragement, and her eyes smolder impishly, so you decide this is the all-clear. As Cerise vaults off the cliff and into her own messy orgasm, spraying her juices all across the ancient wooden floor in geyserlike blasts around the fucking cucumber inside her, you paint her throat with every drop of semen you have. You cum inside of her, completely, in her mouth, down her throat, into her stomach. You empty yourself inside of her as you hold her by the ears and gaze longingly into your eyes.
 
"I love you!" you yell. "I love you!"
 
And her mumbled grunts are not intelligible as English speech, but you know she's saying the same thing back to you.You sit at the edge of Ms. Carte's bed as she noisily sucks your cock.
 
What she lacks in finesse she makes up for in eagerness. Her wet slurping echoes off the walls, filling your mind with animal lust. With her mouth stuffed full she moans around you, as if merely sucking you off is enough to make her cum.
 
From your many, many experiences with her this past week, you know it really is.
 
Her hot tongue swirls and contorts around every square milimeter of your achingly hard shaft. You hold the back of her head in both hands -- not forcefully, but appreciatively, as you gently guide her bobbing.
 
Her style is slow, almost maddeningly so, but unbelievably lewd and sloppy. On the outstroke, her tongue broadens to engulf as much of your cock as possible, like a little ribbed onahole. She draws her head back luxuriously, as if licking a sweet popsicle.
 
She never breaks eye contact, not for a second. Her irises simmer with ecstasy as she services you.
 
It's a look that says: this mouth is only for you.
 
Ms. Carte has a bad gag reflex and can't suck you very deep. Every once in a while she takes too much and chokes around you, coughing and sputtering.
 
When she gags, it sends a geyser of hot spittle cascading into your crotch. This plus the abrupt sensation of her throat muscles tightening around your glans makes you sick with pleasure.
 
And even when she chokes, she's never discouraged. If anything, it makes her work harder.
 
Because she can't take your entire shaft, she uses one hand to stroke the base with a rythmic twisting motion. Her thumb rubs against the sensitive underside of your cock. Between that delicious friction and the steady stream of warm saliva oozing down all around you, coating your balls and pooling underneath you, you're seconds from pumping her gullet full of seed.
 
You bite your lips and try to hold your cum back as long as possible. You curl and uncurl your toes, staving off the inevitable.
 
By now, Ms. Carte knows the warning signs, the way your balls tighten and muscles tense. Her eyes glaze over, like the musk of sex and the obscenity of this encounter have destroyed her higher intellctual faculties.
 
Her mouth releases your cock with a loud plop. A streamer of drool mixed with your viscous precum flows freely from her lower lip. She turns her head to the side and starts licking up and down your cock, rubbing you with her lips and tongue. She moans like an animal as she works you. Simultaneously, she fondles your balls, kneading them lightly -- tickling them, trying to coax out your jizz.
 
"Cum on me," she begs you. Her voice is husky. "Cum all over me."
 
You'd never deny a request like that. You grab a tuft of her hair in your hand and hold her head in place. Bucking your hips, you spew a load of cum all over her wet, flushed face.
She stares at your pulsing dick as if hpynotized, and takes your messy load without so much as flinching. When you finish cumming, she falls to her butt. With both hands, she starts rubbing the slimy jizz into her skin and licking the sticky strands of it from her fingers.
 
"Amazing..." she coos. "Amazing, amazing... this smell... this taste..."
 
One of her hands finds her pants, and impatiently tugs them down, rubbing your cream into her pussy. But this is nowhere near enough to please her.
 
"More," she says, "let's do something more... let's do something really kinky."
 
[X] Anal.
[ ] Paizuri.
 
When you suggest this, Ms. Carte lets out a little squeak of fear.
 
"Wait..." she says. "Maybe we should try something a little less extreme... don't you think?"
 
"It'll be fine," you insist, giving her bare shoulder a soothing squeeze. "I'll make sure it feels good for both of us."
 
Ms. Carte slams back a bracing chug of whiskey straight from the bottle on her nightstand. "You promise it won't hurt?" she asks.
 
"Maybe a little, at first."
 
She squeaks again.
 
"Come on, here..." You guide Ms. Carte to the bed and lay her gently down, reaching for the bottle of baby oil on the sheets beside her.
 
You tug Ms. Carte forward by her ankles. She helps, scooching forward to grant you better access.
 
You push her legs back and spread her cheeks to bare her puckered rosebud. She stares at you uncertainly from between her splayed legs as you kneel over her, glancing between your face and your turgid dick.
 
Her rear hole is slightly discolored and pulsates lightly, but looks deliciously tight. You can feel a sultry heat emanating from it. When you prod it with your thumb, Ms. Carte hisses and closes her eyes, her neck muscles straining. The flesh of her asshole is soft, but elastic, and so warm.
 
You unscrew the cap of the baby oil and pour an ample amount over her ass. It trickles down her pubis and over her cunt in fat streams, and down onto the bed as well. The sheets become stained with the fragrant liquid. You make sure to use a lot. You pull her asshole slightly open and pour a bit directly inside, too.
 
Ms. Carte whimpers. "It feels weird..." she complains.
 
You coat your dick in the oil, too. To calm Ms. Carte's nerves, you lean in and kiss her deeply as you position yourself at her rear entrance. Still, you can feel her trembling like a bird.
 
You push forcefully but slowly. Ms. Carte exhales sharply, whining, but you fail to break past the outer ring.
 
"Relax," you tell her. "You have to relax all your muscles."
 
Ms. Carte's breaths become shallow and she fiddles with her hair. "Like... like this?"
 
You push again, but can't get in. You decide to take a different tack: distraction. You kiss her again, running your palms along her bare breasts. You thumb her nipples and finger her sopping cunt. You bite her earlobe and her chin. You savor the droplets of sweat on her neck, sucking them up, breathing in their scent.
 
Ms. Carte's body responds to this, inevitably. She arches her back, giving herself to you completely. Her body goes slowly limp as she succumbs to pleasure. And this is your opening. You push again, and you're in.
 
"Ahn--" Ms. Carte sighs. You stop halfway, going motionless inside her. Her ass is like velvet, so hot it could anneal glass. Your cock tingles with frustration. More than anything, you want to cut loose, to pound this wet hole as hard as you can and fill her belly with cum, but you know she isn't comfortable right now. The bizarre thing about being with Ms. Carte is that you care how much she enjoys herself.
 
"I-- I think I'm okay," Ms. Carte says after a few moments. She has her forearm folded over her eyes as if trying to shield her view from this violation of her most intimate part. "Please, continue."
 
You pull slowly out and then seat yourself a little bit further inside her. Her anal muscles contract around you as if trying to expel you, but you stay inside her. Tentatively, you establish a steady pace in her ass. At the same time, you thumb her clitoris.
 
To keep yourself from going overboard, you bite her shoulder. Perhaps partially in response to this, and partially to bear with your cock inside her, she bites you back. And joined together like this, biting each other sharply, you rut inside her as you frig her steaming pussy.
 
Ms. Carte enjoys this. She reaches out with her free hand and holds your thumb against her clit, guiding your hand how she likes. She bucks her hips against the hand you use to masutrbate her. This has the effect of making her fuck her ass back onto your dick as well.
 
"I'm going to cum," you bellow.
 
"Yes," Ms. Carte moans, lost in a sea of desire. "Cum in my ass... cum as much as you want! My ass is yours to use whenever you want!"
 
You give her a hard slap on the butt and watch the flesh undulate as you pump yourself balls-deep into her. And then you blow a load of cum directly into Ms. Carte's stomach. She howls in orgasm, her cunt spraying its juice all over the sheets, the blankets -- and you. The two of you will smell like sex for a week.You sit down in the living room, taking a moment to rest. Vivian is still here, lying in front of the TV and watching a movie. You watch her for a few minutes as she stares at the screen.

"That stuff will rot your brain, you know."

"My brain is in peak condition."

"Oh yeah? If that's the case, why weren't you able to stop this?"

"Stop what?" Vivian asks, turning. Her eyes widen and she tries to roll away, but too late. You already have hold of ankles, tickling the bottoms of her stocking feet.

"I've always wondered," you say, grinning cruelly, "are cyborgs ticklish too?"

"Stop!" Vivian shrieks, clawing at the carpet in front of her and trying in vain to squirm away. "If you want-- hahaha-- if you want to-- hahahaha! STOP!-- if you want to know, tickle yourself!"

"It's not possible to tickle yourself," you say, still tormenting her. Her feet are so tiny that you can easily hold both ankles in place as you run your fingertips across the well-defined arch of her soles.

"S-shtoppp!" Vivian begs, slurring it through her peals of laughter like she's drunk. "You know I'm-- hahaha-- HAHAHAHHH-- shhhhhtoppp-- you know I'm ticklish now-- SUH-TOP!!!"

You wrench her legs back, tugging her across the carpet. Releasing her feet, you grab hold of her wrists, and pin her to the ground.

"You're a beast," Vivian pouts, still panting for breath. "This mistreatment is completely unacceptable."

"Shush," you tell her. You have to tuck your chin in to your chest just to see the top of her head.

"Unhand me," she says.

"Do you want to go out somewhere?" you ask, ignoring her demand.

"Do you mean-- on a date?"

"There's a parade in town on the 4th. I thought you might like it. If you want to call that a date, then I guess..."

"I see."

She says nothing more for a minute or so, lying motionless beneath you. You listen as her breathing becomes normal again.

"I will accompany you," she says, "but only if you admit that you are asking me on a date."

"So you still have some smugness in you after all. Who says I need you to keep me company? I've got five other--"

"Kukuku~" she laughs, and it actually comes out sounding exactly like that. "I know you want my company," she says. "I've had you under my spell from day one."

"I think you've got the roles reversed," you say. "You're the one who's addicted to MY semen--"

She begins to wiggle her pantied butt against your crotch, purposely egging you on. "But YOU'RE the lolicon," she says. "You can't hope to resist me..."

"Well," you say, hiking up her skirt, "if I can't resist you, then you can't blame me for what's about to happen."

Vivian's superiority dissolves in an instant. "Alabaster," she says, a worried catch to her voice. "This is not an ideal location--"

"It's fine," you insist. "No one cares where we fuck. If someone walks in, let them see. And you need a dose, right?"

"Well, yes, but--" she squirms a bit against your grip.

"No 'buts'. You told me just the other day that you'd be my cum receptacle. Don't back out now."

"Unf--" Vivian half whimpers and half gulps as you remind her of her words to you.

You reach underneath her and tug down her panties. Her puffy slit is sticky with arousal already. Whatever she says, her body tells the truth: it aches for your seed.

You release her wrists and allow her the opportunity to free herself, but she doesn't take it. Instead, she looks back at you with wide eyes.

"If-- if you want me to be your cum receptacle, I suppose I'm not... averse... to that..."

That's all you needed. You spread her plump ass cheeks wide, and surge yourself forward. Vivian's taut little stomach bulges as you fill her with your cock. Her pussy twitches around you, stretching to accommodate your member.

No longer worried about harming her after your first encounter, you hump her to your heart's content, raping her womb full of hot cock. Vivian's satisfied mewls and murmurs underneath you drive you to be rougher and rougher with her, but she doesn't seem to have a limit.

"Please cum," she says. "Please cum please cum please cum--"

"You want it that badly?" you ask, still pumping her. Her little uterus shudders with wanton desire.

"Please cum please cum please cum--"

She can't say anything else as you rail her. She just balls up her little fists and tightly closes her little eyes and stutters the same two syllables over and over. With her shameless begging and slippery onahole cunt gripping you, you blow your load rather quickly.

"Ahhhh---!!" Vivian sighs as she feels your hot cum pouring into her. You arch your back and push against her little loli butt as hard you can to seat yourself as deep as possible, and paint her deepest parts with semen. The tightness of her pussy clamping down around you draws your orgasm out. Cum trickles from your cockhead in a slow stream for minutes on end.

Done with your orgasm, you begin to pull out of Vivian's sucking cunt, but she reaches out to stop you. She grabs you by the wrist and pleads: "no... I want all of it..."

"What?" you say, confused.

"Please..." Vivian murmurs. "Your ejaculate isn't the only bodily fluid that contains X-11." Her eyes shimmer as you piece together what she means.

"Alabaster--" she says. "Please-- use me as a urinal..."

You turn her over so she lies on her back, your cock still mated to her. Cum seeps out from around her deliciously overstretched pussy lips and down the contours of her ass. Her belly pokes up where your dick is raping into her.

Vivian stares up at you with droopy eyes, her expression completely fucked-out and delirious. You reach out and probe her mouth with your thumb. She lets her jaw hang open and her tongue loll out to accept your violations.

You fishook her cheeks and spread them apart. You squeeze and pinch her tongue. You reach down to the very back of her throat with your fore and middle fingers. She does nothing to resist any of it. She just drools around you and gags slightly on your invading fingers. The inside of her mouth is as as soft and velvet-smooth as her cunt, and even wetter.

"Pleashe," Vivian says around your probing thumb, "ushe my toiret womb to relieffe yourshelfff--"

You flex your abdomen and force out a steady stream of piss into Vivian's undeveloped pussy. Her belly starts to inflate, like a water balloon, before she can't hold anymore. The searingly hot liquid pours out of her cervix and all around your dick, pooling underneath her. Her cunt spasms and milks your piss from your bladder.

You work your fingers in and out of her mouth like a second cock, keeping her jaw pried open to allow access. She chokes and sputters obscenely around you as you fill her with your urine. Her orgasms turn into full body convulsions, the pleasure overriding her nervous system's ability to keep herself under control. She shakes and trembles like a seizure victim, so full of cum and piss that she looks six months pregnant.

"You're a fucking wreck," you tell her, still pissing into her. "As usual..."

"Pleasshheee--" she begs around your probing fingers, "Messsh me uppp-- mmmmf~~... ruin me..."

You finish emptying yourself inside her and pull out with a nasty plop as you stand. Like a bursting dam, Vivian's cunt unleashes the pent-up semen and piss, pouring it in a milky, amber, steaming puddle all over Gustav's expensive carpeting. Without your fingers to gag her, Vivian gags herself, jamming practically an entire fist down her throat as she coughs and chokes around it. Her own bladder releases too, and her mess joins yours. She writhes side to side, cumming obscenely, her face smeared with spit and mucus. Her clothes are completely ruined and caked with filth.

"Thank you," she moans over and over as you prod her with your toe. "Thank you for making me your toilet..." The first thing you notice when you reach the foot of the stairs is a familiar smell wafting in from the dining room -- a smell like teriyaki.
 
Not good. Not good.
 
You wander over the table and, with dawning horror, pick up the empty bento container.
 
There's no way Mom would have eaten this, right? She doesn't trust Vivian. So why--
 
But then, maybe Ms. Carte told her it was fine to eat? That doesn't make any sense, either. She knows it's spiked.
 
From the living room, you hear a scruffy sound, as of something rubbing on carpet.
 
As you pass through the foyer to spy into the living room, your eyes widen.
 
Sitting on her knees on the floor, masturbating furiously, is Mom.
 
She wears nothing but an apron, which is bunched up inside her cleavage, leaving her massive tits hanging free. With a flattened palm, she rubs her cunt in swift circular motions. Her other hand tweaks her dark, pert nipples. Her eyes are closed and her lower lip is twisted as she chews on it. She squirting a continuous stream of her juices all over the carpet, like a fucking animal, like she's pissing herself.
 
You would turn away -- you want to turn away -- but instead you watch, transfixed. For a woman of her age, and despite how plump she is, her body is in great shape. Her skin is evenly toned and supple. Her flesh undulates deliciously as she pleasures herself. The mound of her pussy is plump and soft-looking, the lips engorged and dark. Her bush is well-trimmed, but thick, and matted with her cream.
 
Maybe most enticing of all is the little "unhh" and "mhhh" sounds she begins to make, guttural and primal, womanly.
 
You want to hear it from up close. You -- you want to hear her grunting directly in your ear as you fuck her womb full of cum.
 
...Jesus. This is your own mother you're thinking about. What is wrong with you?
 
Yet even still -- your cock is hard and demands attention. Whether or not it's wrong, your body likes what you're seeing.
 
Trembling and with a stomach full of butterflies, you fall to your knees as well.
 
This is pure insanity. There is nothing separating the foyer from the living room. All Mom needs to do to see you is open up her eyes, and there would be no hiding from her. You are acutely aware of this fact as you unzip your fly and pull your reddened cock free from its confines. The knowledge that she could see you at any moment only makes you harder.
 
You masturbate to the forbidden show, greedily drinking in this image of your mother's body. Her mannerisms are just like Cerise -- the raw, animal need in her movements, the shamelessness. And the way she grits her teeth, the way perspiration pearls on her forehead, the way she teases her breasts.
 
It occurs to you how strange it is to be familiar enough with the masturbation habits of your older sister and your mother to compare them.
 
The only difference between the two of them is that poor Mom has no toys to play with. And you feel bad, because you can tell how frustrated she is, how badly she needs to cum herself silly, as quickly as possible. If only you could help--
 
At this, your rational mind crumbles. All you can see in your mind's eye are visions of crawling over to where she sits in the living room, pinning her down, and taking her right there. Would she fight you? Would she say no?
 
Or would she let you have her? Would she let you plunge your spurting dick inside her pussy?
 
You swallow hard and try not to make any noises, but when Mom's little groans become a wailing "aieeeee--" you shudder and let out a gasp of your own.
 
Instantly, you realize your mistake. You swoop to the side, doing a barrel roll, and slide from view of the living room.
 
But there was no way she didn't see you in that split second.
 
How much did she see? Did she see you stroking yourself off in front of her?
 
The pindrop silence from the living room is enough to tell you that she saw SOMETHING, however much that was.
 
You quickly shove your still-hard penis back inside your trousers. As you do, you hear the gentle rustle of Mom getting dressed in the living room.
 
When this awkward moment is over and you're both dressed and standing, Mom steps into the foyer. She clasps one hand around the jamb, steadying herself. You stare at one another. You're both still flushed and breathing heavily.
 
"Alabaster," she pants, "w-what are you doing down here?"
 
"I was just--" you try to think of some plausible explanation, something that will also hint that you saw nothing, that you weren't just peeping on her. But you come up blank. "--I just wanted a snak?" you say lamely. You avoid eye contact.
 
Mom gives you a strange look, but there isn't time enough for the conversation to continue before Cerise comes trudging downstairs -- probably to grab a beer.
 
"You guys look like you just ran a marathon," Cerise says, yawning and interlacing her fingers behind her head. She glances between you and Mom, and finally registers the awkward atmosphere.
 
"Geez," she says. "Who pissed in your cheerios? If I didn't know any better, I'd think I just walked in on you two having sex."
 
Mom blushes and scuttles off to the kitchen, quivering.
 
"You two are such weirdos," Cerise mumbles. She grabs her beer and heads upstairs, leaving you alone again.
 
Your stomach bile turns sour when you imagine what might have happened if you hadn't accidentally interrupted yourself just moments before Cerise walked in. How would Cerise react to you and Mom masturbating together? You feel short of breath.
 
You sit down in the living room to watch TV, trying to get your mind off what just happened. But you can't get those images out of your skull.
 
Mom's pussy -- her breasts and naked body -- what's happening to you, to be thinking this way about things like this?
 
Seconds stretch into minutes, stretch into what feels like hours. Your dick won't settle down. Neither will your heartbeat.
 
The old clattering noises of Mom cooking in the kitchen only serves to remind you that she's only a few feet away.
 
Should you go see her, try to play it off, pretend nothing happened? Or just sit out here, quietly? You can't think straight. You feel like a prisoner awaiting execution.
 
Ms. Carte returns home at around 4 PM, safe and sound. She plops down on the sofa beside you and sets to work on deciphering Damon's file. She seems a bit tipsy as she grumbles: "this is so dull... you better be thankful I'm putting forth so much effort for you. It's a good thing I filled up on that bento earlier. You don't mind, right?"
 
Oh. So that's it. She ate it -- not Mom. But then...
 
"No," you say. "It's fine."
 
Ms. Carte sits with her legs in your lap like usual, back against the sofa's armrest. Every once in a while she bites her pen and says "interesting... interesting..."
 
You rub her calves back and forth absent-mindedly while she reads. Her presence here would seem to have put a definite stopper on resolving the incident with Mom anytime soon.
 
But as dinnertime approaches, you hear Mom's voice call out from the kitchen: "A-Alabaster... would you please come help me for a moment?"
 
You cast a glance at Ms. Carte.
 
She shrugs. "Don't look at me. She's your Mom. Be a good son and go help her."
 
You push Ms. Carte's legs away and head for the kitchen.
 
"Sit down."
 
Mom pulls a chair up to a counter and directs you with an index finger.
 
"What do you want?" you say sheepishly.
 
She puts her hands on your shoulders and gingerly guides you into the chair.
 
"Taste this," she says, and shoves a ladle to your lips. It's filled with a rich and creamy chocolate sauce. You swallow it -- but only because the alternative is drowning on it.
 
"Geez," you say, pushing her hand away and coughing. "You're so pushy."
 
"Close your eyes."
 
"Now, come on--" She interrupts your protest by running her palms over your eyelids. She gives your shoulders a quick squeeze as her hands pass over, and then you sense her turning around to face the stove top.
 
"How was that first batch?"
 
"Awful," you say. "Disgustingly sweet."
 
"That's what I was worried about. Now?"
 
She forces another ladle to your lips. You try to open your eyes, but she chides you with a "nuh-uh-uh," forcing you to close them again. You sigh.
 
"Well? How is it?"
 
"Better. A little too much on the bitter side now," you say.
 
"Needs some sugar, then..."
 
You wait while she serves up what you think is another scoop.
 
But instead of a ladle's metal rim, what you feel against your lips in the next moment is another pair of lips. Mom's tongue pushes a sweet dollop of chocolate directly into your mouth, past your tongue, and down your throat.
 
Your eyes shoot open and you pull back. "What are you doing?" you hiss, trying to keep your voice low.
 
"Was that better? A little sweeter?"
 
"You're crazy."
 
"Oh please," she laughs, her voice also low. "Don't try to lie, now..." she strokes your cheeks with a cupped palm, her eyes dreamy and half-lidded. She licks the excess chocolate from your lips. "You liked it, didn't you?"
 
"Y-you're-- you can't be serious--"
 
Mom holds her finger to your lips, shushing you.
 
"Mama's body does things to you, doesn't it."
 
This, you sense, is not really a question -- she is stating a fact that you both know to be true.
 
She pushes her nose against the crook of your neck, nuzzling you. Her breath is hot against your skin.
 
"Mama's body makes you ache... down here..." she pets the crotch of your denim jeans. "Isn't that right, Alabaster?"
 
"No..." you lie, mumbling and looking at the ground, trying to brush her away.
 
Her hand rubs up and down against you in a very un-motherly way, cupping and groping you obscenely. She smiles seductively and refuses to be rebuffed.
 
"You don't have to lie. I saw you earlier."
 
You look her in the eye, face going pale, and gulp.
 
"You were jerking off," she hisses. "Because you saw me doing those things to myself. You couldn't help it-- it's okay, I understand. You're so young, you can't control your urges..."
 
"Mom--"
 
"Shh. Don't talk."
 
You obey. Your heart feels like it's going to burst.
 
"This is all my fault. Just look at how big and hard you are. You must be going crazy, huh? It's only fair that I should take care of it. Just lean back, let Mama help you... I'll make your cock feel real, real good."
 
She unbuttons your jeans. You help her remove them, your hands tugging them down in uncoordinated unison.
 
This marks the moment your rational mind surrenders: you're about to let your own flesh-and-blood mother service you to orgasm.
 
Mom pulls your boxers away, too. You sit back in the chair and she scoots up close, settling between your legs. Your cock twitches and throbs, lightly tapping against the tip of her nose. The red, veiny monster makes quite a contrast with your mother's smooth and pale face.
 
It's all you can do not to grab her by the hair and force yourself to the back of her throat.
 
She runs her nose up and down the length of your cock, inhaling deeply. Her eyes drift shut and a stupid, satisfied smile spreads itself across her face.
 
"The musk of a young man..." she murmurs. "It's been years-- Alabaster, do you know how unfair it is for you to walk around smelling like cum all the time? It's been driving me insane..."
 
She wraps her dextrous fingers around you and tugs lightly, producing a translucent drop of precum for her effort. She pulls her hair behind her ear and licks the precum up, smiling lewdly.
 
Her hand is hot and tender from long years of domesticity. She works your shaft with expertise, twisting, teasing the head, firmly gripping you.
 
Mom draws her other hand to her mouth and licks the index finger. Still masturbating you, she slides the wettened digit underneath you and prods at your rear hole.
 
You go bug-eyed with panic. Once more, you try to squirm away, but the delicious sensations coming from your cock make it impossible to stand. You're like an animal in rut, not in control.
 
"Your father loves this. Just sit back and enjoy it."
 
You bite your tongue as she rubs her wet finger up and down your anus. It feels ticklish, and decadent -- but she'd never actually try to stick it in, would she?
 
Would she?
 
She puts her lips against your dickhead and suckles on your cock, cooing. With her hand stroking your shaft, her lips working the glans, and a finger tickling you from behind, you're about to lose your mind with lust.
 
And suddenly, without warning, she slips her finger inside.
 
"Mom--!!"
 
Your anus clamps down, but it's too late. All that serves to do is make sure her finger is firmly embedded inside you. She grins devilishly up at you and continues to suck on your oozing dick, drinking down your precum.
 
Her fingertip finds its target: a tiny bundle of nerves buried deep inside of you, that you knew was there, but never knew could feel so good.
 
You try to keep from groaning. You fail.
 
"Does that feel good, baby?" she asks. She wiggles her finger in and out ever so slightly, brushing against your prostate. It's so sensitive that you can feel every bump and crevice of her fingerprint scraping against you.
 
"Mom-- Mom--" you pant, delirious.
 
"Shh, it's okay. I know how much this cock of yours must be aching right now. Let Mama make it feel all better."
 
"Mom-- I'm going to cum--!!"
 
"Do it," she says. "Let Mama see all that cream your body stored up after looking at her."
 
She starts corkscrewing her finger inside of you. This new sensation rubs your prostate laterally, flicking it side to side, and make the pressure in your balls feel close to bursting. You shudder. Your testicles tighten.
 
Sensing how close you are, Mom lets go of your cock. You groan in wild frustration.
 
Then before you know it, Mom adds her middle finger to your ass too. Your hole tightens around her fingers, even as she spreads them to gain access.
 
The pleasure of her fingers closing and opening like fleshy scissors on your prostate is literally mind-destroying. Even though you're a guy, nothing can compare to this feeling.
 
She looks up at you with glinting eyes. "Mama's face is your cum rag today," she tells you. "So feel free to use it lots."
 
That does it. Your jaw hangs slack, and even though absolutely nothing is touching your twitching cock, you spew a hot load all over your own mother's face. Her fingers milk you off from the inside as she buries her nose in the junction between balls and shaft. She allows your cum to splatter against her forehead and cheeks, staring longingly up at you the whole time.
 
As Mom takes your nasty load, you happen to glance over. Through slitted eyes, you see two people in the threshold to the kitchen: Cerise and Ms. Carte.
 
They watch as you blow cum all over your mother.
 
"Oh," says Ms. Carte. "Ohhhh."You get in the family station wagon and Mom fires it up. On the road, you watch the rearview. Ms. Carte's shiny red sportscar tailing you is impossible to miss. Luckily, Mom is blissfully oblivious.
 
"What do you think?" Mom asks, spinning around in the mirror to examine herself from every angle.
 
"I think it's a bikini."
 
She slaps your shoulder.
 
"Well what do you want me to say?" you groan impatiently. "'Oh God, let me fuck you'?"
 
To be honest, if Ms. Carte doesn't show up soon, you might consider--
 
"You're vile. Absolutely vile. I should disown you."
 
She spins around in the mirror again, trying to look at her own butt, chasing after it like a cat after its tail.
 
"Does this outfit make me look fat?" she asks.
 
The dreaded question. You just shrug it off. "Most things do," you reply, chuckling.
 
She slugs you in the ribs. It only hurts a little.
 
"If you keep abusing me, I'll call the authorities."
 
"You'll need to call a morgue if you keep that up!"
 
"Why are you buying a bikini, anyway? It's September, summer's basically over."
 
"That's why," she says. "They're on such big sale now. Don't you know anything about shopping for clothes?"
 
You don't answer her and instead meander over to the men's section, feeling bored. Mom heads for the changing room to try on another set of clothes.
 
As you look through shirts on a circular display, slowly moving hangers aside, you see a human face hiding amongst the clothes.
 
You jump back, falling to your butt. "Jesus!" you cry.
 
Ms. Carte puts a finger to her lips, grinning at you. She kneels down inside the circular display so she can look you in the eyes from between the shirts.
 
"Changing room 11," she says. "It's in the back, not much foot traffic."
 
"Right now?" you breathe. You look toward the women's section. Mom is nowhere in sight.
 
"Right now," Ms. Carte affirms. "Or don't you want a reward for all that hard work?"
 
You cast one last glance around, again seeing no one.
 
It's time.

You pace around the tiny beige room, the insane intensity of your need growing by the nanosecond. At the peak of your frustration, the shuttered door clicks open. Ms. Carte enters.
 
She lightly pushes against your chest, forcing you to sit on the uncomfortable wood bench connected to the wall. The geometry of this encounter isn't exactly favorable for stretching out, but neither of you are in any state to care.
 
You kiss each other with wide open mouths, and just as in the karaoke bar, the back of your mind registers how awkward her tongue is against yours, how inexperienced she seems. But no matter. It's wet and hot, and actually tastes of mint -- did she use some kind of breath freshener before coming here? Kneeling to kiss you, Ms. Carte draws her hair behind her ears with one hand, too entranced to pull back. Your breathing against one another is ragged and quick.
 
"Alabaster," she moans between kisses when you finally do break away. You draw her close and nuzzle her, running suckling kisses up and down her neck that leave behind beautiful red welts on the ivory skin. She falls to her knees for easier access.
 
"Alabaster," she says again. "I want you to know something..."
 
You stop and look at her.
 
"I want you to know that I'm choosing this."
 
"I don't understand."
 
"No, of course you don't..." Ms. Carte wiggles in your embrace, her body heat emanating like the steady pulse of a fired furnace. "But over the next few weeks, you might find some things out about yourself. And if you think back today you might wonder whether this was real. I want you to know it's real."
 
"Forget it," you say. "Just forget it. I know this is real."
 
You take Ms. Carte by either shoulder, spinning her around. The maneuvering is awkward inside this cramped space. You sit her on the bench, her tailabone against the edge and back against the wall. Her body hums with anticipation, bird-like, her skin turned to gooseflesh under your fingers.
 
You pull her pants down, not roughly, but quickly. Her plain white panties are stained dark with her need. You can see the outline of a bush -- neatly trimmed, a small strip just above the clitoral hood. Something like this would have turned you off, only weeks before -- the Alabaster of today buries his nose in it, inhaling deeply. Ms. Carte stifles a cry by biting her knuckles.
 
You've never eaten pussy before, but want to try it, just a little. You sweep Ms. Carte's panties aside and give her a hesitant lick. Ms. Carte throws her head back so quickly that it bumps against the wall with a hard whack. She doesn't even seem to notice. You let your tongue rest on her pussy lips. Her juice pools in your mouth -- there's more than you expected. Swallowing greedily, you lap at her cunt, breathing in her aroma, tasting her-- tangy and searing hot, like semisweet chocolate maybe, an acquired taste. You acquire it immediately.
 
"Ala-- Alabaster--" Ms. Carte's voice is so staccato and trembly that she's almost unintelligible. "P-p-p-please, don't make me wait anymore..."
 
You stand up, kicking off your pants and then your boxers. Your dick is swollen and dripping. Ms. Carte looks at it like a climber looking at Everest, eyes filled with doubt.
 
"Please..." she says. She gulps. "Be gentle. This is embarrassing, but... I haven't..."
 
Your cock twitches and you stand over her, supporting your weight against the bench. You kiss her deeply.
 
"You're joking," you say. "Never?"
 
Ms. Carte shakes her head.
 
You grab yourself in one hand. With with other, you hold Ms. Carte's thigh and guide her legs apart for easy entry. "Hold it there," you tell her, and pull off her dripping underwear.
 
Ms. Carte kneads her hands together, whining in anxiety and desire, as she stares at your dick.
 
Clasping her chin, you draw her view up. You look her in the eyes and smile kindly, to allay her fear.
 
And you kiss her at the exact same moment you steal her virginity.
 
"Mmmf--" Ms. Carte grunts, her whole body tensing. You can feel a small trickle around your shaft that serves as the last vestige of her virginity washing away.
 
Her pussy contracts, not skillfully the way Whitney's does -- but the uncoordinated, uncontrolled spasms give you a new kind of pleasure.
 
Ms. Carte doesn't know what to do, where to put her hands, where to look: you guide her gently, just as she asked. Your thrusts are short, and slow, and shallow, but you pick up the pace over several minutes. You try not to lose control -- you've been waiting so long, in such lust -- but you don't want to go crazy, you don't want to be too rough.
 
For some reason, you care more about the woman underneath you than yourself right now.
 
"Alabaster-- Alabaster--!!"
 
Her legs wrap around your hips, her arms around your neck. As you fuck yourself into her, deeper and deeper, you let out a few heavy sighs and growls of your own that echo off the walls, mingling with hers.
 
And then there's a knock on the door.
 
"Alabaster," comes your mother's voice. "Are you in there?"
 
You try not to respond, but your breathing is giving you away, and you know you need to say something. "J-just a minute!!" you holler, trying to mask your ecstasy and doing a very bad job.
 
"Come on," she says. "Hurry up. I want you to look at this outfit."
 
"I'll be done s-soon!" you say.
 
"Alabaster... Alabaster..." Ms. Carte repeats, whispering -- but you can't risk Mom overhearing even this. You shut her up with a long, wet kiss that she returns eagerly, her eyes half-lidded.
 
"I'm close..." you whisper as quietly as you can, directly in her ear.
 
"Please," she whispers back. "All of it-- give me all of it--"
 
"It's okay?" you ask.
 
Ms. Carte's legs around your hips interlock and pull you deeper into her sucking pussy. "Cum inside, cum inside," she slurs, high on pleasure. "I need it, I need you..."
 
"Alabaster?" Mom asks. "Are... are you all right in there?"
 
"I'm fine!" you yell. "I'm-- I'll be out soon-- I'm-- I'm coming! I'M CUMMING!!!"
 
You pour whole liters of your jizz deep into you Ms. Carte's virgin cunt. Your hips buck wildly against hers as the wet explosion pulses through the both of you. Your cum leaks out around your shaft. Ms. Carte wrenchs her eyes shut, grits her teeth, balls her fists. You bite her shoulder to keep from yelling anything further, so hard that it draws blood, and you feel awful about this -- you actually feel guilty -- but in the moment you can't help it, and she doesn't seem to care, either during the moment itself or in the immediate aftermath.
 
With cum still leaking from your dick and directly into her most intimate parts, you give Ms. Carte an eskimo kiss. She returns it -- and who can say why the urge to do this struck you, just now -- but rubbing noses with Ms. Carte as you finish spilling your seed inside her is the most satisfying moment of your young life so far.
 
Judging by her satisfied sighs and mewls, Ms. Carte feels the same way.
 
GIRLS FUCKED: 3/6"This isn't fair," she says, glancing around the green tiled room. "You promised me rape..."

You shrug. "Are you strong enough to take it?"

"Take it?" Rose says, looking up at you. Her eyes simmer. "Who said anything about taking it?"

>What do you do?

[X] Pretend to be raped

You grin broadly, ear to ear.

"I'm not going to let you win just because you're putting up this damsel in distress act," you say. "What do I look like, an idiot?"

"As a matter of fact, yes..."

Rose darts for the sink on still-wobbly legs. Opening the cabinet underneath, she produces a pair of stainless steel handcuffs. She slaps one of the bracelets around your wrist, latching it in place.

"What the hell--" you say. She pivots around you and tugs your other arm back, cuffing you.

You could fight her off if you wanted -- you can break these cuffs -- but you're interested in seeing how far this goes.

"Why the hell were you keeping those things in here?" you ask.

"After you changed my bandage yesterday... I thought you might be stupid enough to do it again today. I was a girl scout, you know. I'm always prepared."

You make a show of pulling against your restraints. Rose grins smugly when you can't break free.

"Come with me," she says. Then, standing on her tiptoes to whisper in your ear: "you're my prisoner, now..."

She brings you back to her shared bedroom. Laying you on her bed, she tugs down your swim trunks.

"You bitch!" you say, pretending to struggle and playing up the anger. "I'll make you pay!"

"Shut up, you fucking dog," Rose says. Her voice drips with loathing but is still weak.

"I'm going to fucking RUIN you--" you begin.

She slaps you across the face. And even though you're a lot stronger now, you're not immune to pain. It stings like hell and leaves a nasty red welt behind. The sudden violence startles you enough to distract you as Rose momentarily uncuffs your wrists.

She tosses you a sheer sundress and matching bra and panties from her dresser. The underwear is dark black, lacy and slutty. The dress is white, practically transparent, and whorishly short -- especially for a person of your height.

"Put that on," Rose commands. "Or I'll beat you bloody and put it on for you."

>Will you put the outfit on?

[X] Yes, but no.

"Like hell," you stammer.

This time your resistance is genuine. You're willing to give Rose a lot of leeway after everything she did for you, but this is too much. You're not gay, for godsakes.

Rose tries to smack you again, but you sit up and grab her wrist, stopping her mid-swing. She looks at you with wild eyes. Panicking, she tries to smack you with her other hand. You grab that one, too.

Wrenching her arms apart, you say firmly, "that's enough. I'm not wearing a dress."

"Oh yes you are!" she insists.

She headbutts you.

You involuntarily release her as you fly back, knocked prone against the mattress. Rose grabs the bra and straddles you as she tries to force it on. You push her arms away every time she makes the attempt.

You really don't want to hurt her, but she's getting carried away.

"Fuck you!" she shouts. "You promised!"

"I didn't promise you THIS! Get off of me! I'm warning you--"

"Put it on! I'm your mistress and I'm ORDERING you!"

"Arrrg--" you heave and push her back, off of you. She falls prone as well, her body pointed in the opposite direction to you, panting and heaving, clutching at her wound.

"Goddamn it," you say. "I didn't want to do that..."

You sit up. Reaching over, you try to help her. But she waves you off.

Clambering to her knees on her own, she looks at you with fiery eyes.

"Put it on."

"No. There are other things we can--"

"Put it on!!" she yells.

You feel yourself blasted back by some powerful, alien force. Your spine and arms are pinned against the headboard, immobilized. You try to move but it's no use.

Rose isn't even touching you -- how is this possible?

You begin to feel genuine fear.

Rose's shocked expression says she understands what just happened as little as you do.

"Alabaster?" she asks. "Are you all right?"

"I-- I can't move--"

Rose grins. "How sweet of you..." she murmurs to herself. She must think you're acting again.

"No..." you say "Rose, I'm serious. I can't--"

Rose ignores you and loops the bra straps over your shoulders, securing the garment in place against your flat chest. You think it looks ridiculous on you, but Rose coos in delight when she leans back to admire it.

"Rose... for the love of GOD..."

"Shut up." She takes the panties next, holding them by her thumbs and hiking them slowly up your straining legs. No matter how you try, you can't make yourself so much as budge an inch.

Next comes the sundress. You groan with humiliation as she forces it down around you. The fabric is light and airy, barely-there, and yet at the same time it clings persistently to your skin. The underwear is plainly visible underneath.

"So cute," Rose says. "You're such a cute little slave."

The hem of the dress barely covers your ass as you sit there pinned against the headboard. You could just about die from embarrassment and shame.

But then, as suddenly as it came, whatever magic force has you held in place dissipates. You fall forward, doubling over.

"Look..." Rose says. She directs your attention to a mirror mounted on her dresser. Clasping you by the hand, she helps you to your feet and makes you look at yourself.

Cute...?

You look like a complete fucking tramp.

Rose hugs you from behind, running her hands up and down your stomach as she admires your reflection.

"The perfect outfit for my perfect pet," she says. She really means it, you can tell.

You grimace.

But even though you're free now, you don't take it off.

"See?" Rose says. "You're so hard..."

You glance down. And it's true. Your dick is fat and throbbing, straining against the silky fabric of the panties. You can see the bulge it makes in your dress. You feel your crotch slowly wetting the girly outfit with precum.

"You'll lie back down, right? You won't fight me anymore, right? This can be fun for you, too..."

Well. You're already wearing the damn thing. You might as well go with it, right?

Besides, if you resist, who knows what crazy Carrie shit Rose will pull next.

This is the rationalization you tell yourself, anyway.

You lie back on the bed. Rose secures the handcuffs a second time, looping the chain through a wooden slat in the headboard, your wrists resting on the crown of your head.

"Wait here," she laughs, her voice low.

You watch, growing anxious, as Rose roots through the nightstand. Her fleshy little butt sways this way and that, straining against the confines of her bikini bottom, as she searches the drawers. After a few moments, she finds what she's looking for.

With a triumphant laugh, she produces an enormous, flesh-colored, two-sided dildo set in a black harness.

The rubber toy's business end is fat and real-looking, covered with veins and topped by an angry crimson head. The dildo's other side is smaller. Squatting down on her heels, Rose inserts this smaller end inside herself, sighing with perverse contentment as the appendage penetrates her sopping cunt.

She wiggles her hips in an obviously masturbatory way for about half a minute, before finally reaching back and securing the harness around her waist.

The dildo is an almost perfect match for her milky skin tone, and when she stands, arching her back just a little bit, it looks like she has a real, pulsing cock of her own.

"What are you doing?" you ask, but you're at least 95% certain what the answer is.

Rose saunters over to the bed and props one of her feet on the mattress, leaning in to rub her new cockhead against your face. You grimace, shutting your eyes and turning away, but Rose is persistent. She slaps your cheeks over and over with her dick, making wet little plops.

Rose's cock smells just like her pussy does. Whitney must have used the toy on her very recently, you realize.

The scent of Rose's arousal coating the fleshy tool in your face makes the illusion that it's a real penis all the more convincing. You can feel your brain slowly turning to mush inside your head.

And yet -- you can break free anytime you want. If you just pulled hard enough, you could stop this... why aren't you stopping this?

Staring down at you, Rose is the perfect image of depraved sadism.

"Lick it," she commands.

You lick it. You can taste her on it, the same sugary taste as before, and it isn't unpleasant. If you close your eyes, you can almost pretend you're eating pussy instead of sucking cock. But as Rose pushes herself past your teeth and to the back of your throat, that illusion proves short-lived. You gag around her, choking and sputtering. Drool runs freely down your chin.

"That's right-- suck it," she grunts. "suck it. Suck my fucking cock, you whore."

You can feel every vein, ridge, and curve of Rose's cock with your lolling tongue as she rapes your gagging throat. You can can feel the piss slit and the fat tube on the underside that cum would pump from, if it were real.

Rose runs her fingers through your hair, pulling you closer, burying your nose against her pubis. Her cock bends to the shape of your tightening, asphyxiating throat.

Is this what it felt like for her, when the roles were reversed?

You hate this -- you hate everything about it -- but at the same time you can't deny the spreading warmth in your chest, or the small pride you feel every time she sighs and moans.

All things considered-- being Rose's personal cocksucker is oddly satisfying.

She pulls away from your mouth. Your cheeks and lips smack lewdly as she does so, a streamer of saliva linking your mouth to her cockhead. She puts a pinky to her mouth and winks.

"Thanks for getting it ready," she says.

"W-what?"

The old terror comes back as Rose climbs onto the bed and circles around to your feet. You kick weakly at her, but for reasons you still can't understand, you put no force behind it. Rose slaps at your kicking legs, laughing cruelly. She grabs your ankles and slings them over her shoulder to pin them in place. Using her free hand, she reaches past the hem of your sundress and grips your panties.

"Stop--" you plead. "That's enough-- that's enough... s-stop..."

"Shut up," she says. "You want this. You're fucking ASKING for it... it's your fault for getting me so horny..."

With a single savage motion, she tears your slutty underwear away, shredding the fabric. The elastic band hangs uselessly around your waist, covering nothing.

Rose spreads your legs and scootches her butt forward, her glans poking at your asscrack. She hunches over you, her giant, soft tits smushing opporesively against your chest.

She kisses you, her mouth hanging open, and lets her intoxicating saliva flow into your waiting mouth. Swiping a strand of hair behind her ear, Rose murmurs tenderly, "I'm going to fuck you."

"N-no-- don't--"

"You're a man, aren't you? If you want me to stop, then stop me!"

She leans back and grabs a bottle of baby oil from the nightstand. Uncapping the lid, she dumps a generous amount over her dick and into the crack of your ass.

"Well?" she says. "If you don't stop me, that means you must want it."

"Rose..."

"I'm going to fuck away your manhood, Alabaster. You'll be my little sissy whore..."

Rose draws one of your legs up, holding it perpendicular to your body and grabbing it for support.

And then she surges forward, raping away your virginity forever.

"Ah--!!" you cry, choking on your pain.

She holds on tight as she humps herself into your quivering asshole. Inch by inch the cock disappears into your anus.

"Slut," she grunts through gritted teeth. "Little fucking faggot. You took it on the very first try. Don't pretend you didn't want it."

Rose gyrates her hips, burying herself to the hilt and riding out her own orgasm. Your anal muscles loosen and suddenly you feel a delicious tickling sensation from deep inside -- Rose's dick scraping against your prostate.

You can't help yourself. You moan, high pitched and girlish. Your precum leaves a huge, dark stain on the fabric of your sundress. The entire room stinks like cock now. You feel close to fainting.

Rose reaches into the nightstand drawer and pulls out a short tube connected to a rubber bulb. She secures the open end of the tube to the base of her raping fuck-shaft, smiling evilly.

"What... what is that?" you ask, watching through slitted eyes.

"Mm, this is a deluxe model. It can ejaculate~"

Your breathing goes erratic and -- even though you don't have a pulse -- you can feel the flow of your blood increase. Your whole body feels warm.

"Of course," Rose says, "I would never cum inside you if you didn't want me to." She licks your face in one long, nasty motion. "That would be rape, after all."

You stifle a groan of frustration. Rose fucks herself in and out of you with a quickened pace, still hugging your leg for support.

"But--" Rose continues, panting with exertion, "if you asked me to... that would be a completely different story, wouldn't it?"

You whimper pathetically. Your ass stretches around her cock and produces lubrication of its own, like a little pussy. The head of Rose's dick rubs back and forth across your throbbing prostate, milking a steady stream of translucent precum from you. You wish you could reach down and jerk yourself off to a mind-breaking orgasm, but all you can do is lie there helplessly as Rose has her way with you.

Soon, all you can think about is the image of Rose emptying herself inside of you, pumping you full of her girlcum. You feel yourself losing your grip on sanity. You feel yourself surrendering to the violation.

You feel yourself becoming a girl.

"A-all right..." you say. "I-if that's what you want... c-cum inside of me..."

"Uggh!!" Rose cries in triumph. She squeezes the bulb, and you feel a surge of warm, viscous liquid pouring into your abused boy-pussy, washing over your twitching prostate. She howls, and her entire plump body trembles with her climax as she squeezes the bulb again and again. Her cum spurts into you like a dribbling hose.

When it's over, Rose pulls out of your ass with a sick squelch. A rivery deluge of thick white cream pours out after her. Your gaping ass oozes with her cum.

"Look at that," Rose sneers. "Forced to wear a dress, pumped full of jizz by a woman... and your dick is still so hard... you're a fucking mess. Absolutely pathetic."

"Please..." you beg, all of your pride and dignity destroyed. "Can you let me cum, too?"

"Welllll--" Rose puts a finger to her lips, pretending to mull it over. After a moment, she says: "since you've been such a good pet, I guess you deserve a reward."

You sigh with relief.

"But," she continues, "you have to ask the proper way." She tugs on her cock, smearing the cum and ass juices all over, making the fleshy shaft gleam in the sunlight. "You have to say: 'please let this pathetic cumdump piggy have an orgasm.'"

She stares at you, waiting for you to reply, stroking languidly on her still-leaking cock. Her enormous tits, wide hips, and hard, cummy cock -- she's like some ancient goddess of sexual pleasure gazing down at a puny mortal.

For now, for better or worse, you are Rose's plaything.

You swallow hard and close your eyes. "P-please-- please let this pathetic, c-cumdump piggy have an orgasm... please, mistress, please let your slave cum..."

She never told you to say that last part.

Rose claps her hands together and practically swoons she's so delighted. "Very, VERY good," she says. "For that, piggy gets to cum today."

Rose hikes your dress up and holds her mouth open over your twitching cock. She lets herself salivate freely, drenching your already well-lubricated dick with her drool. The sight of it is obscene and incredibly erotic but offers no relief.

She lets this continue for a minute, two, ten. You start to go out of your mind with need. She doesn't so much as lick you in that whole time-- she just lets the warm liquid flow over you, your shaft, your balls, you ass. And you really are a mess: a squirming, fucked-out, wet, lewd mess.

Finally Rose takes you in her mouth, raking her searing hot tongue over the head.

You cum almost immediately, your ass clenching, feeling oddly empty. You blast your cum into Rose's mouth in burst after deliciously agonizing burst. Her eyes bulge, but she doesn't pull away until you finish emptying yourself inside her of her completely.

When she pulls back, she licks her chops. "Good piggy," she says. "You're such a darling cunt, Alabaster."Rose sits on her four-post bed, hugging her knees, when you enter.
 
Her room is surprisingly feminine given her proclivities and strident activism: the walls are cherry pink. Her dresser is lined with lace and stacked with fluffy stuffed animals. A silk veil hangs over her bed. She actually has a Tinkerbell decal on her window, long-faded -- probably left over from childhood.
 
"I guess you're going to rape me now," Rose says, voice dripping with loathing.
 
You crawl onto her bed on all fours, approaching her like a jaguar approaching prey. She tries to pull back, but she's already sitting against the headboard: nowhere to go.
 
You clasp her chin in your hand and force her to look you in the eye.
 
"I think it's time for something different," you tell her.
 
"Wha...?"
 
You kiss her deeply and tenderly, lightly brushing her shoulders and her hair. When you pull away, you run more tender kisses up and down the nape of her neck.
 
And just like Whitney said, Rose melts like butter in your palms.
 
She arches her back and sighs. "What... what are you doing?" she mewls.
 
"What can I say? You inspired me..." you plant another kiss on her forehead, breathing deeply, and caress her all over with gentle touches. "Make love, not war."
 
You unbutton Rose's blouse and pull it away. Her bra and skirt quickly follow. fluttering to her carpeted floor with soft 'pwahs'.
 
"You can't do this--" Rose says, squirming against you. "This is still rape... you can't..."
 
You knead her bare tits, your palms sinking into the soft, warm flesh. As you kiss her and explore her breasts blindly, you happen to run your thumbs over the pert, pink nipples. She tenses underneath you, and then quivers, as if shocked.
 
"You say no-- but you're already like this..." you run a hand south, feeling her smooth and puffy mound through the fabric of her panties. She's soaking wet. Her hole pulses heat lewdly against your probing digits.
 
"I hate you-- I hate you so much--" she moans weakly, but you drown her protests in more kisses. Kisses that she returns hungrily. Your tongues swirl over one another's, each one fighting to be on top.
 
"Why do you do this to me?" she asks dreamily, breathing hot against you. She clutches your collar in balled-up fists, seemingly uncertain whether to pull you closer or push you back. "Why do you make me feel this way..."
 
You tug at the waistband of her underwear. She lifts her plump little butt off the bed to help you pull them off. You toss them unseen in the a corner and slip a finger inside her. It enters easily. She winches and writhes, apparently still sore from yesterday's rough treatment, but she lets you do as you please. Her pussy is pliant and fleshy, just like the rest of her -- a warm, wet little slit nestled in a prominent pubis. No onahole could ever compare to this softness.
 
As you work her over, Rose's shaking hands find their way to your jeans and unzip your pants.
 
"I thought you didn't want this," you say with a smirk.
 
"Shut up. Just shut up. Just-- just shut up..."
 
You lay atop her in a true missionary position and seat yourself inside her. She lies beneath you as you fuck her, without resisting -- completely willing -- and wraps her arms around your neck.
 
The most violent thing you do for the next twenty minutes is nip at her neck a bit, and from the way her pussy convulses around your cock every time you do this, she enjoys it.
 
As much as you'd like to fuck her completely, pushing your dick all the way inside -- you refrain from thrusting into her so far that you bottom her out.
 
As you pump her, she wags her hips back against you on every in-stroke, and together you find a rhythm that allows you to enter as deeply into her welcoming, velvety insides as you can without hurting her.
 
"Yes-- yes--!" she pants. "I-- I lo-- I love-- I love--- ugggh!"
 
You cut her off with a kiss. She goes abruptly limp, and you pull up far enough to take her hands in yours.
 
You interlace your fingers in hers, feeling her entire body shake, and fill her with cum.
 
All she can do is slur your name, over and over and over again, as she accepts your seed. And then you both collapse in a sweaty heap.
 
"I hate you..." she sobs as you lie atop her in post-coital bliss. "I hate you... I love you... I hate you..."
 
"Have you ever heard of Palau?" you ask her, your cock still mated inside her and drooling.
 
"Palau... I don't understand."
 
"Nothing. Go to sleep, Rose."
 
"Will you still be here when I wake up?"
 
"No."
 
She doesn't say anything in response, but wraps her legs around you as if trying to force you to stay. A few minutes later, she's asleep.
 
You extract yourself from her embrace and open her window. You whistle into the cool night air. A few moments later, Whitney props a ladder against the side of the house and climbs up, into Rose's bedroom.
 
Whitney finishes drilling the pin-sized hole into the ceiling above Rose's bed and places the almost-microscopic speaker inside.
 
"So you're sure this will work?" you ask.
 
"Three hours per night between the hours of 1:00 AM and 4:00 AM. Like clockwork. It can't fail!"
 
"Let's see how it sounds," you say. "I want to make sure it's not too loud."
 
Whitney clicks the button that remotely activates her special message.
 
From the speaker, the hypnotic sound of Whitney's recorded voice plays out. The volume is almost imperceptibly quiet-- you have to strain to make out any words at all.
 
"Rose Mallory. You've been a bad girl. You need to stop resisting. You will Alabaster Soliloquy as your only master. You are his pet. You are his loving and compliant pet. You want to service him every second of every day. You want to lick his cock and drink his cum. You want your womb to fill with his seed. You want him to fuck you until you can't stand anymore. When he isn't fucking you, you feel empty. When he uses you, you feel complete..."
 
The recording goes on and on like this.
 
"In just a few days... she'll never think of disobeying you," Whitney avers.
 
You watch Rose's snoozing form and wonder if she really needs this hypnosis treatment at all. And whether it will work. But it's worth a try.Ms. Carte shakes her head and snubs her cigarette out in a nearby ashtray. "Well, that's the only rational explanation. There's no such thing as magic, Alabaster."
 
"Yeah? And what about my cum? That's pretty magical, isn't it?"
 
She narrows her eyes. "Not at all," she says. "I told you--"
 
The anger grows and coalesces inside of you, bubbling to the surface. You cut her off. "Do ANY of you-- you, Whitney, Vivian, Rose, Mom, Cerise... do any of you actually care about me, or are you just addicted to my semen?"
 
"I told you already. I chose this. And I warned you that you might wonder about these things when you found out the truth--"
 
"What about the others? Are they just addicts?"
 
"There's no such thing as magic and there's no such thing as psychic powers," Ms. Carte says. "What the others feel about you is something only they can tell you."
 
"But--" you start. "But you really love me."
 
"With all my heart." Her voice drops to a near-whisper, suddenly tender. "I've been watching you for years, you know. I think I loved you from the moment I saw you."
 
"I love you, too," you tell her, your voice catching with a new wave of emotion. You step forward, quaking with insecure need. You grab her roughly by the waist. She startles, throwing her hands back and clutching the edge of the benchtop for support. Her fingernails clack against the white polyurethane surface, and she lets out a little yelp of surprise. Nipping at her neck, you pull aside the tails of her lab coat and embrace her warm body.
 
"I love you," you repeat, kissing her up and down her neck. She cranes her head back to gives you better access as you bite and suck on her.
 
"Alabaster--" she groans, cupping your cheek in her hand as you suckle on her. "Alabaster, this isn't really the proper place-- OH!" she cries out and tenses as you give her a particularly hard nip.
 
"It has to be here," you breathe. "Right now. I need you. Right now."
 
Ms. Carte rocks back and forth on her heels. You can feel her trembling against you -- her taut stomach, her full breasts, her birdlike neck -- every part of her is shaking with trepidation and anxiety.
 
You pull her bikini bottom down. You slide her breasts free of the bikini top. They hang, round and slightly jiggling, perfectly smooth, right in front of your face. You suck her nipples into your mouth, each in turn, teasing them to hardness.
 
"Okay," Ms. Carte sighs, her tone filled with the sweet relief of relent. She kisses and nibbles on your ear, the only part of you that her searching mouth can find. "Fuck me. If you need me, fuck me. Make me yours. I need you, too."
 
You tug your cock free of of your shorts but don't bother pulling them down. With a low growl, you hunch yourself forward and seat your dick in the velvety folds of her pussy. You and Ms. Carte both let out a simper of ecstasy that echoes off the tiled walls.
 
You pump yourself inside of her, frantic and rough -- rougher than you've ever really been with her. You molest her tits, squeezing and plying them, running your hands across the underside, pushing them together, watching them bounce. You grab her cheeks in your hand and turn her face this way and that, planting wet kisses wherever you feel like. You push her tailbone against the hard edge of the benchtop and hump her with jackhammer thrusts. She does nothing to resist: she's like putty in your hands, giving herself to you completely.
 
Her pussy milks and massages you from the inside out. In the past month or so of enjoying her body, she's trained herself to please you with expert finesse. Her cunt is permanently embossed with the shape of your dick, and your dick only. It spasms and twitches all around you, a perfect, snug fit.
 
"That's right," you tell her, kissing her on the lips, thrumming your fingertips on her neck. You're out of your mind with crazed lust. "You're mine. You're mine, you're mine... only mine..."
 
"Cum inside me," she begs.
 
"So you are addicted to it--"
 
"No-- I'm addicted to you-- I'm addicted to YOU--" she runs a hand across your forehead in a maternal gesture of reassurance, still humping back against you. "And-- and I want you to cum inside of me..."
 
"Here it comes," you grunt. "Take it!!"
 
You fuck into her so hard that the force of it lifts her dainty feet from the floor. She stays there, pinned in midair between your erupting cock and the benchtop, as you pour her womb full of hot cum.
 
"Ahhh--" she sighs, her voice trilling from low to high and increasing in volume as her orgasm races through her. Eventually the orgasm becomes a senseless scream: "aaaaahhh--- aaaaaaahhhh--!!"
 
Your mouth clamps down on her neck and you gyrate your hips. Ropes of milky cream seep out around your member as you spurt and spurt endlessly into her cunt. She holds your face in both hands and accepts it all, the anger and love, the need and passion.You wake up just after 10 PM. Bleary-eyed, you leave the dining room and head for your bedroom, where you remember that you've got something vitally important to do.
 
A Certain Highly-Anticipated H-OVA has just hit the internet. And no matter how much poon you get nowadays -- consensual and non-consensual -- you wouldn't miss j/o-ing to this for anything. Waiting for this OVA to come out has been the highlight of your year so far.
 
You strip naked and bust out the good lube, excited for some self-loving. But to your dismay, you soon discover there's only 3 seeders and 20,000 leechers for the file.
 
You can't take being blueballed like this -- and you really don't want to give Whitney a booty call. What's a guy to do?
 
You sit at your computer desk, swinging your feet and mumbling curses under your breath. Your erection is rapidly flagging.
 
Seed, goddamn it!
 
No dice. Not happening.
 
Out of sheer desperation, you grab your laptop and get dressed again. Perhaps being in the living room or the dining room will strengthen the wifi connection? Then you can get the file from the seeders faster... somehow... right?
 
Completely absurd, but you have no options remaining. Your dick demands satisfaction.
 
You sit down at the dining room table again. The lights are on and your father is here now. You figure Mom must have been feeling a little sore over his decision to skip dinner and ousted him from the bedroom in retribution. As always, he reads the newspaper, his face concealed by the broadside.
 
Your luck down here is no different than your luck upstairs. The fact is, when 20,000 people are trying to download a 1 GB .mkv from only 3 people, it's going to take a while.
 
You throw your head back and groan. Torture is what this is. Now you know how the prisoners at Guantanamo feel. George Walker Bush is a murderer.
 
So of course, in your hour of greatest need, it's none other than your older sister Cerise who comes down from her room to menace you further.
 
"Lookie here," Cerise says sarcastically. "Mr. Magorium finally came out of his Masturbatorium."
 
"As opposed to your bedroom, which is the very model of nunlike chastity."
 
Cerise grabs a beer from the fridge and yawns. She scratches her ass. "Forget it. I was just under the impression that you kept to your room when you weren't out getting diddled by lesbians or being stalked by quiz nerds. Guess I was wrong."
 
"Of course you were. I have friends, unlike you. In fact, I have an immensely rich social life that includes not only-- hey! What the fuck are you doing?" you try to slam the laptop's monitor shut, but too late: Cerise leans over and sees your torrent client.
 
She smirks. "And this rich social life includes A Certain Highly-Anticipated H-OVA?"
 
"That's an invasion of privacy, what you just did. I could technically have you arrested by the FBI for hacking."
 
"That thing came out, what, 12 hours ago? You must be feeling pretty blueballed right now." Cerise snickers.
 
"And just how would you know the release schedule for A Certain Highly Anticipated H-OVA?" you say accusingly. "Is this karmic retribution, maybe? Maybe you're feeling blueballed, too."
 
"Who, me?" Cerise says with an exaggerated lilt, pressing her fingertips to her chest. "Not at all. My download finished five minutes ago. I was about to kick back and enjoy some quality me-time."
 
You gape at her. "You're lying," you say. "No one has it yet. There's only three seeders."
 
"You're the liar in this family, not me. I'm just the innocent babe."
 
Your dad turns the page of his paper.
 
"Like hell," you say. "If you have the download, then put it on a flash drive for me."
 
Cerise wags a finger. "Distributing pirated materials carries a much heftier penalty than merely downloading them. I don't want to risk it after all your FBI talk. I don't deal with snitches."
 
"If you're seeding, you're already distributing it. I could call the FBI anyway."
 
"I never seed. What do I look like, some fucking goody-goody?"
 
You pound your fist against the table in frustration. Cerise laughs cruelly.
 
"I'll tell you what, little brother. Just this once, you can come up to my room and watch it with me. I'll be watching it anyway, so what's one more? Call it -- family movie night."
 
"You can't be serious. Why would I watch hentai with my own sister?"
 
"Well, suit yourself," Cerise says, shrugging. She turns on her heels and heads in the direction of the stairs. "Just trying to do my good deed for the day. But sit around waiting for the next six hours if you want. Let your balls turn cyan for all I care."
 
[ ] I have all the time in the world. I don't need your charity.
[X] Wait! I'll watch it with you.
 
Cerise wasn't lying. She has a full subbed copy of the OVA:
 
>[LastRail] A_Certain_Highly-Anticipated_H-OVA_-_01 [AC1233CH]
 
How she got her hands on it is beyond you. Is she involved with the subgroup somehow?
 
You wheel your chair into Cerise's room and sit down next to her at her desk as she opens the file.
 
Neither of you speak through the opening credits. In fact, neither of you speak at all -- period. You feel your heart going doki-doki: now you finally understand the onomatopoeia.
 
Why did you agree to this?
 
Too late to back out now. The movie starts in earnest: straight to the good bits.
 
Frankly, this OVA isn't what you had hoped for -- the tank was way better. The animation is horrendous, even by hentai standards, and the action isn't as enthralling as it could have been. Maybe the only redeeming quality is the subject matter: still mind-meltingly erotic after all these years.
 
Then of course there's the added awkwardness of watching this with Cerise at your side. You try to ignore her completely and focus on the OVA. But you can't stop stealing sideways glances at her, her pale face bathed in blue light from the screen. Her jaw hangs partly slack the entire time she watches, like a little little kid seeing a magician for the first time.
 
It's terribly fucking weird to watch your sister's delighted face while listening to the wet flapping of hardcore sex.
 
What's the protocol, exactly, for watching porn with your sister?
 
And what if less than 24 hours ago, you made out with her in the shower? What's the protocol, then?
 
These are questions you can't readily answer, but you know they make you feel a strange subdermal warmth all over and a freefall sensation in your gut. It's a raw, on-edge intensity that watching porn alone never incites, no matter how raunchy. Your dick strains painfully against your jeans.
 
Maybe Cerise is feeling some of these emotions too; or maybe she's just really into the OVA. Either way, her breathing becomes uneven and huffy, her skin flushed. She leans in so close to the monitor that her nose just about touches the screen.
 
Cerise's slender hands paw at the fabric of the chair in front of her, flexing and unflexing, as if itching to be employed to some other use.
 
This continues for a few minutes, Cerise's impatience clearly growing all the while. She huffs and claws at her chair like she's going insane. Then finally she can't take any more and her hands start roaming around her body.
 
She crosses her arms and hugs her shoulders, as if cold. Then tiring of this, she runs her fingertips sensually up and down her sides and belly. She holds a palm to her chin and gnaws her lower lip. Her breathing is almost as loud as the OVA. She never takes her eyes from the screen.
 
With a moan, she starts massaging her full and fleshy breasts through her tee. It becomes clear to you that she's not wearing a bra -- typical Cerise. She squeezes her thighs together in a long, slow, masturbatory rhythm that you can tell has all her force behind it. Her leg muscles strain and flex.
 
It's because of these lewd little movements-- definitely more than the movie-- that you're achingly hard and leaking like a broken faucet in your underwear. At some point, you kind of stopped watching the movie entirely.
 
Without forewarning, Cerise stands and kicks her jeans off. Her skin is the color of milk and as smooth as porcelain in the glow of the monitor. She wiggles out of her panties next, but only pulls them to her ankles before falling back into her seat to glue her eyes on the action again.
 
You can see her genitals and she makes no attempt to hide them from your leering view. Her pussy is sopping wet and the lips are engorged. You can smell her excitement -- not entirely unlike sweat perhaps, a bit acrid and tangy, but utterly intoxicating. You feel dizzy.
 
Cerise grabs a vibrator from her desk and clicks it on with zero shame or heistation. The buzz all but drowns out the moaning bitch on-screen. Cerise holds the vibrator to her clit and slinks forward in her seat, bucking her hips lightly against the toy. She writhes and chews her lip so hard you think she'll bleed.
 
Cerise throws her head wildly from side to side. Finally she lets it slump back completely and wrenches her eyes shut, basking in the feelings coming from her cunt. With a free hand, she pulls up her shirt, baring her tits, and pinches one of her nipples.
 
You're not in any frame of mind to hold back and decide that if Cerise can be shameless, you can be, too. Feeling so simultaneously anxious and aroused you could almost faint, you stand on shaky knees just long enough to tug your jeans to the ground. Sitting down, you pull your cock free through the fly in your boxers. There's so much precum that your masturbation makes a wet schlicking noise to match Cerise's. Your strokes even sync up.
 
"Ahn~" Cerise moans. And that's exactly what it sounds like: a tiny, breathy, involuntary gasp, like the result of an electric jolt passed through her body.
 
She lifts her ass from the seat. You can see the dark stain of her wetness in the fabric of her chair, and -- with a sick thrill -- you even see a strand of her juices seeping directly from her hole. It glints obscenely in the monitor's light.
 
You wonder silently what it tastes like, Cerise's excitement. Now you can't stop thinking about diving forward and burying your face in her cunt, and damn all taboos. Your entire body aches to have her on your tongue. It would be searing hot, like the forehead of someone with a fever, and sweeter than sugar -- you could drink it forever and ever, you think.
 
You masturbate, openly and unreservedly, so fast your hand is a blur. You think about how many times Cerise must have sat in that chair and came, soiling it with her juices just like she is now. The fabric must be soaked through with her filth. In your half-crazed state, you sketch plans to sneak in while she's away and rub your face against the seat, breathing it in: the next best thing to the genuine article.
 
Cerise's little "ahn~" noises come steadily now, like the clicking of a Geiger counter approaching the detonation site: "ahn~ --- ahn~ -- ahn~, ahn~ ahn~" She twists and pulls at her nipples, alternating between them rapidly. Her meaty inner thighs glisten with her lust.
 
Then Cerise's mouth gapes in a silent scream. She puts her fingers in her mouth and pulls at her lower jaw as if trying to wrench her mouth open even further. Her spine arches so severely that it goes nearly perpendicular to the chair back. Her clamping pussy is on full display, well-lit by monitor. You can actually see it convulsing-- you can see her entire body convulsing. Her cum runs sloppily down her legs and ass.
 
Cerise cries out, a high-pitched squeal, yet almost inaudibly low in volume: "Ahhhh--- fuuuuuuuck!!! Fuck!!!"
 
You gulp and close your eyes, grunting. The sight of your sister cumming herself stupid burns in the back of your eyelids like the after-image of a nuclear bomb. You shudder and feel yourself pass the point of no return. You're about to cum, too.
 
"Fuck, fuck!" Cerise cries -- not in sexual ecstasy this time, but sudden panic. You open your eyes in time to see her grabbing several wads of tissue from her desktop.
 
"Stop! Don't cum in my bedroom!" she yells. You shake your head frantically but can't even vocalize any kind of warning -- you're too close to stop. You stare at her with your legs spread wide and jerk your cock as fast as you can.
 
"Goddamn it!" Cerise says.
 
She quickly palms the tissue and presses it to the head of your pulsing cock. Feeling her touch you, even through all those layers of paper, is enough. You grip your cock around the base and let yourself blow to your heart's content, rope after rope of semen pouring into Cerise's hand. You push your hips against her, reveling in the pressure of her open palm against your cockhead. You cum so hard you think you might lose your mind forever.
 
"Cerise!" you moan. "Cerise, Cerise!"
 
When you're done cumming, you can't do anything at all but slump back in your chair, exhausted.
 
Cerise tosses the used tissue on the desk with a sneer. "I told you that you could watch it with me," she says. "I didn't give you permission to start squirting cum all over my room like some kind of fucking animal."
 
You pant and heave. Your mouth is too dry to speak; your mind is too frazzled to formulate a snippy response.
 
Your cock is still hard.
 
Cerise stands up and disappears from the room. Vaguely, you're aware of the sound of her rummaging through your bedroom, but the post-orgasm high still hasn't worn off and you don't care to investigate.
 
She returns a moment later, still naked from the waist down, carrying your favorite onahole and your supply of KY jelly.
 
"I didn't know you knew about those..." you murmur, delirious. You're too far gone to care about this new invasion of privacy.
 
Cerise clacks the lid of the KY open and spurts some of it into the onahole. She rubs it around the inside rim with two of her fingers. She drops the onahole in your lap.
 
"That thing has a closed end," Cerise says. "So I won't have to worry about you making such a fucking mess. Cum inside that thing all you want."
 
"It's a little late for this, don't you think?"
 
"Don't be stupid," Cerise says, sitting down. "This is family movie night. Aren't you up for a marathon?"
 
You glance dazedly down at the onahole, taking it in one hand and considering it. Cerise grabs her still-buzzing vibrator from the desk.
 
"Sure," you say. "Marathon it is."
 
Cerise opens another video file. You seat yourself balls-deep in the onahole with a satisfied, sensual groan. Cerise rubs the vibrator against her clit.
 
The evening is still very young.You make your selections and hurry to the A/V room.
 
"Fucking FINALLY," Whitney says, her frustration plain. "What took you so long?"
 
She's already naked. She falls instantly to all fours, face down and ass up, wagging her hips at you. Her pussy is drooling.
 
How can you resist?
 
You fuck her savagely, taking out the day's pent-up excitement on her. She fucks you back just as hard, her ass slamming against your hips.
 
"And then she came all over herself," you tell Whitney, finishing up your account of the incident in the hallway. "I made her call me master."
 
Whitney looks at you over her shoulder, never breaking her animalistic pace. Her eyes glint mischievously. "You made her call you master? That's awesome... did she do it?"
 
"Of course she did it. She was out of her fucking mind. She practically begged me to fuck her right there in the hallway."
 
"Unff-- fuckkk," Whitney says. Her cunt milks your dick as she orgasms and she throws her head back, drowning in decadence. "We should go find her and fuck her... right now..."
 
"Not yet," you grunt. The feeling of Whitney's innermost parts on your raw dick is starting to get the best of you. You're close to popping off. "She didn't actually beg me. I'll fuck her again, but not until she begs."
 
"You're so evil, Ally~" Whitney says. "I love it! I love YOU!"
 
That does it. You groan and pump Whitney full of hot cum. She mewls with joy and her arms give out underneath her. Even though she bangs her chin on the tile floor hard enough that you hear her teeth clack, her cunt still clamps rythmatically around your spewing cock. Some of it overflows and dribbles lewdly down her thighs.
 
"Sup sup SUP, my nig-gaaas!" comes a familiar voice from the doorway. It's Stackleford. He enters with a pushcart stacked full of food.
 
[ ] Try to hide.
[X] No hiding. Assert dominance.
 
"Time for some calzone, niggers!" Stackleford says. The pushcart he has with him has been clearly hijacked from the cafeteria.
 
"They were going to throw this buffet of hot deliciousness out, can you believe--"
 
Stackleford stops mid-sentence when he finally sees the scene before him.
 
His eyes roam over Whitney's ass, your chest; Whitney's sex-matted hair, your straining neck; the place where you and Whitney are still mated wetly together.
 
Well, he's seen everything. No use covering it up or trying to pretend it didn't happen.
 
You dismount Whitney. Your commingled fluids drip from your still semi-turgid cock. Whitney rolls to a supine position, resting the back of her palm on her forehead and panting for breath with that delirious look of post-sex euphoria.
 
Stackleford snivels. He seems close to losing it completely and bawling as you approach the stolen food cart. You grab a calzone from it, smiling at him warmly, and take a bite. It's pepperoni -- your favorite.
 
"You're right," you say, looking him directly in the eye. "This is delicious."
 
You turn back to Whitney. "You want some calzone?"
 
Whitney pants and heaves for a few seconds. She licks her lips a couple times before she can draw the energy to answer. "Pepperoni?" she asks.
 
"Yep," you say. "It's the best, isn't it?"
 
Whitney pants and heaves some more. "All right then--" she says, then gulps for air again-- "You don't mind, right Stackleford?"
 
"No..." Stackleford says, his voice pinched. "No... that's fine... take as much as you like. I-- I think I have to go... over here... to..."
 
Stackleford doesn't finish this thought. He just turns and goes, leaving the cart behind. Half a minute later you hear the far-off sound of his vomiting at the end of the hall. You shrug and wolf down the rest of your calzone, then another. Sex makes you really hungry.You take her to the library. You may be a douche, but you're a man of your word nonetheless. Plus -- anything to get her mind off sex. Or at least off sex with Cerise.
 
You and Cerise may be relatively shameless around one another, but she's still your older sister. You're not sure if can deal with the idea of fucking her. And with Whitney joining in, no less? ...
 
Things are moving too quickly. You need to find a way to distract Whitney from Cerise before she does something that can't be taken back.
 
"Over here," Whitney directs, leading you by the hand to a small desk in the back of the library.
 
Surprisingly enough, the study session goes smoothly. For the most part. Whitney is mindbendingly dumb, after all -- she can't wrap her head around the fact that a negative times a negative makes a positive. She also seems to be laboring under the impression that imaginary numbers are variously "fake," "gay," or "fucking fake and gay" -- depending on when you ask. In any case, she refuses to work with them.
 
"Try to keep up," you chide as she chews on her pencil's eraser. "Your arithmatic is great but you can't solve an algebraic expression to save your life. Are you sure you graduated elementary school?"
 
"Shut up," Whitney says. "It's like I said before, who needs this shit?"
 
"Not you," you admit. "You're on a fairly straight vector to a life in the service industry."
 
It's actually a pretty normal interaction with her, for once. But as you finish up the assignment, Whitney leans in and whispers: "I think we're alone, Ally."
 
Whitney reaches underneath the desk to molest you through your jeans.
 
"We're in public," you say. "Even you can't be this stupid. What if we get caught?"
 
"Everyone's gone for the day."
 
You reach under the desk to pull her hand away, but she swats at you. You get into a blind, uncoordinated hand-slapping match underneath the desk that feels more like playing patty-cake than fighting to maintain your purity.
 
"Oh stop being such a baby about it," Whitney says. "I'm going to jerk you off and you're going to like it."
 
"I'm going home."
 
"Your mouth says no, but your body..." It's true. She lays a hand on your erection. It strains against the denim of your pants, throbbing painfully. "Did you get my text?" she asks.
 
"We're going to wind up as registered sex offenders at this rate."
 
Her ministrations continue undeterred. In fact, they seem to speed up. You're not fighting it anymore.
 
"We'll have to alert the neighbors whenever we move somewhere new," you say.
 
"When we move somewhere together, you mean?" Whitney purrs.
 
"What? No-- not together, I mean separately--"
 
You grit your teeth as Whitney unzips your jeans. "Have you lost your mind?" you hiss. But Whitney has already disappeared underneath the desk.
 
You feel the cool library air around your cock as she frees it. Then the sensation of rushing air as she buries her nose against your glans and inhales as deeply as she can.
 
"I feel a little dizzy..." comes her muffled voice.
 
You can't help yourself: you scoot your chair back to look down at what she's doing. The chair makes a loud squeak on the floor that you wince at. You look around, helpless, trying to see if anyone was alerted. You see no one else around.
 
"Cum on my face, Ally."
 
You close your eyes and shiver. Whitney uses both hands to massage you. Her grip is a little bit too soft, like she thinks she might break it, which just makes it all the more maddening. Her hands are callused, yet smooth, and searingly hot. She stares at your cock like it's a religious relic.
 
You try to say something, but all that comes out are breathy gasps. "Are you close?" Whitney asks. "Are you going to blow?"
 
"God, Whitney--"
 
You feel a thrill in your gut. Whitney's palm clasps around the head of your dick as you erupt, trapping the load between her fingers. She stands, leaving you to fumble frantically and zip yourself back up.
 
The fun over, reality hits you again. "What if someone saw?" you ask.
 
"I told you," Whitney says, tipping her head back and letting your cum ooze slowly onto her tongue in ropes. "We were alone. You're too paranoid."
 
She licks her fingers clean and then kisses you on the lips.
 
"Thanks for the help, Ally." She gathers her things and goes.Mom busies herself at the meager stovetop, stirring a pan of gravy for the one and only main entree she's good at: roast beef. She sways her hips side to side as she works, the tied-off bow of her apron bouncing in tune with her plump bottom. Her diligence manifests on her face in the form of furrowed brows and a bitten tongue.

It's a lovely sight. You can't resist the temptation to sneak up and wrap your arms around her. 

"Hey--!! D-don't disturb me while I'm cooking!" she snaps. "Don't you have any tact?"

You kiss her neck.

"I-I go to all this trouble to make a nice dinner, and you want to ruin it with your-- uncouth--"

You bite her earlobe. She draws a sharp breath through her teeth. Her knees go weak, but she catches herself against the counter.

"I have never met a more-- a more ungrateful, rude little--"

You pull her tight against your body, away from the stove. She scrambles to turn the electric burner off so the food doesn't scorch. 

"Alabster," she says, peering over her shoulder, "we can't... it's so disgusting here."

"The bathroom is clean," you say. 

You lead her by the hand to the white-tiled bathroom. She doesn't resist. 

You sit her on the edge of the tub and paw at her jeans, pulling them down. "You're incorrigible," she chides, but not harshly.
 
You feel the warm flesh of her upper thighs in your palms -- so pliant, and such a contrast to the icy porcelain.
 
As you kiss her up and down her calves and thighs, all the way to the nape of her pantied crotch, she watches you and smiles.
 
"Whitney tells me that you deflowered your sister."
 
You pause, looking up at her. Her expression doesn't betray any anger or disapproval.
 
"How did it feel?" she asks.
 
You think for a moment. "It felt like justice," you say.
 
"Can an old woman like me ever hope to compare?" she asks, perhaps only half-joking.
 
You answer by burying your face in her crotch again. She whines in shocked delight.
 
Placing her fingertips on the crown of your head, she pushes your face deeper still. Her aroma fills your nostrils. You wet the fabric of her underwear with your tongue. Even through the lace and cotton, you can taste her sweetness. Hers is much like Cerise's, but deeper, more pronounced, and you can't get enough. You want to suck her cunt forever.
 
You pull her panties to one side, enjoying the up-close view of her genitals for a moment -- the engorged lips drooling with moisture -- before you dive back in. You swirl your tongue up and down, collecting the dew. She chews on her knuckles and watches.
 
Then there's a knock on the door.
 
"God fucking damn it," you say. You pause, hoping whoever it is goes away, but instead there's another knock.
 
Mom grins and pecks you on the lips. "Go ahead and answer it," she says. "I'll be here when you get back."
 
You step out of the bathroom and answer the door. Standing at the threshold is Cerise.
 
"Shit!" you say, yanking her bodily into the motel. You poke your head out of the door, glancing this way and that to make sure no one has tailed her, and then shut it.
 
"You're supposed to be back at Whitney's place with Ms. Carte and them," you say. "I'm sure there's a lot of cleaning to help with, that guy lived like a pig..."
 
"I wanted to see you guys," she says, simmering. "Is that such a crime?"
 
"Seriously, Cerise -- what the hell is wrong with you?" You pace back and forth. "Darkbloom could send his thugs here any second now. You can't just pop in for a visit whenever you feel like it."
 
"I want to see my mother before she dies," Cerise pouts, sitting on the raggedy couch. "Where is she, anyway?"
 
Taking the cue, Mom steps forth from the bathroom, still clad only in panties from the waist down.
 
"Mom," you say. "Tell Cerise she should be back with the others. It isn't safe here."
 
"Tell Alabaster he's being a jerk!" Cerise counters, throwing her arms wide.
 
You feel like bickering children.
 
"Now, now," Mom says soothingly, "Cerise is already here, so there's no harm in letting her stay around for a few moments."
 
Cerise sticks her tongue out at you. But Mom turns to face face her and continues: "you should listen to your brother in the future."
 
Cerise folds her arms and huffs. You make a face right back at her.
 
"Don't be like that," Mom says. "We can have a nice family dinner together, all right? And -- there's something I want to show you, anyway."
 
The thing Mom wanted to show you ends up coming first, as it happens.
 
This time it's you sitting on the edge of the tub, with Mom on her knees in front of you. Next to her is Cerise.
 
"You two should learn how to pleasure one another properly, if you're going to be doing it," Mom says. "That's only logical."
 
Cerise tries to feign disinterest. But she can't take her eyes from your red and pulsing member as she leans against her balled-up fists on the tile floor.
 
Mom masturbates you gently, keeping you hard-- as if you needed the help. "Have you sucked his cock before?" she asks.
 
This breaks Cerise's trance. She gawks at Mom, unused to that kind of obscene language from her. It seems to surprise her more than the sexual impropriety happening right now. She stammers.
 
"It's a simple question," Mom says.
 
"Of-- of course I have," Cerise manages.
 
"Show me."
 
Hesitatingly, Cerise reaches out. Her hand replaces Mom's around your shaft. Her entire body is trembling. She darts out her tongue and licks you like a kitten at a cup of milk.
 
"That won't do at all," Mom says, frowning.
 
"I can't do it with people watching!" Cerise complains, averting her gaze.
 
"I think you'd better learn," Mom says. "Pay attention, now."
 
She leans forward and swallows your dick in one swift motion, all the way down to the base. She strokes you a few times with her wet, tight throat, the slurping echoing off the walls. After a few moments she releases you. Your member twitches with unrelieved lust and glistens thickly with saliva.
 
Taking your dick in hand again, Mom rubs it underneath Cerise's nose. "You try," she purrs. "Learn his smell and his taste and the feeling of him using your throat. Learn to love it. Go on, now."
 
Cerise gives it her best attempt, but whether it's her lack of experience or mere nerves, she can't take your entire length. She makes remarkable progress but begins to gag three quarters of the way down, leaving the base of your cock frustratingly unattended.
 
She reaches up to try and manually stimulate this unburied section of your shaft, but Mom swats her hand away. "NEVER use your hands," Mom says. "That's cheating."
 
Cerise's shoulders heave with frustration. She snakes her tongue out and tries once more to take the rest of you, but only retches.
 
Mom tsks. "Alabaster, you'll have to help her."
 
You look down at Cerise. She goes bug-eyed but doesn't pull away, and you take that as permission enough. You grip her by the ears, and -- as gently as you can with your lust-fueled needs directing you -- you fuck yourself into the back of your older sister's throat. She sputters, spewing thick saliva all around you as you force your way in.
 
"Relax, relax," Mom says, rubbing Cerise's back as if soothing an infant. "Breathe. That's it. You can do this. Your mouth was made for this. You just have to relax..."
 
Mom grins up at you. "How is she?"
 
"Great--" you manage in a choked voice. "She's great..."
 
With Mom's tender prompting, Cerise's throat loosens. You establish a steady pace inside her. She slobbers all over your balls each time you bottom out. It's not long before you can hump her face with complete abandon. She hardly gags at all.
 
"I'm gonna cum," you say. "Should I do it in her mouth?"
 
"Why not?" Mom says. She reaches around Cerise and rubs the girl's naked belly up and down. She pushes her cheek against Cerise's to watch your cock stabbing in and out.
 
"What do you think?" she whispers in Cerise's ear. She uses one hand to rub Cerise's sopping pussy. "Don't you want your brother to cum in your mouth?"
 
Cerise can only make a muffled moan, but it's obviously one of begging. You pour your ropes of slimy cum directly into her sucking gullet. Mom coos with delight, kneading your balls as they flex and spurt, her other hand still molesting her daughter.
 
"Now," Mom says, clapping her hands together. "No son of mine is going to get through life without learning how to really pleasure a woman. Let me see how you and Cerise fuck each other."
 
Lying on the floor with Cerise beside you, you groan and stir. "But I'm tired..." you complain.
 
"No buts! Up!" She sits on the lid of the toilet and watches as you rouse Cerise from her stupor.
 
This experience may truly be intended to instruct the two of you, in case Mom doesn't survive -- but it's clear she takes her own pleasure in it, too. Her naked cunt is dripping wet.
 
Mom directs you rather like a composer as you sit on your haunches and pull Cerise into your lap. "Good," she says, "I can see both of you this way."
 
Cerise stares down at her own pussy as you push into her for only the second time ever. She bucks her hips and whinnies, her eyes clenching shut. The heat and velvet tightness is unbearable, especially in front of an audience, and you fuck her senseless.
 
"You're always too rough!" Mom says. "You have to pay attention to the woman's pleasure, too!" She clasps your shoulders. "Slow down. Feel the way her insides wrap around you. Respond to it. Don't just rut inside her like an animal."
 
"Mommy..." Cerise mewls, suddenly and apropos of nothing. It's clear she still isn't used to being seen in such a compromising position. Her entire body is flushed a deep crimson. "Please... please..."
 
"Shh," Mom says. "Let me help you cum, okay?" She uses her thumb and forefinger to play with Cerise's fat clit. Cerise throws her head back and howls as you establish a rocking motion in her pussy. The two of you assault her without mercy.
 
"I'm cumming!" Cerise yells. "Fuck, I'm cumming! Alabaster... mommy...!!"
 
A new, perverted synapse fires in your brain. You perch your chin on Cerise's shoulders and take one of Mom's nipples in your mouth. She obviously didn't expect to become a direct participant here -- she gasps in surprise as you begin to suckle.
 
Her eyes half-lidded, Cerise sees what you're doing. In her haze of desire, she decides to join in. She takes the other nipple in her mouth.
 
"Y-you two--" Mom stutters, her voice pinched. "What are you-- I never said you could--" she trails off, unable to protest. Soon she reaches down to finger herself, making a sloppy mess of toilet lid. She masturbates as her children suck her off.
 
You fuck deeply into your sister, enjoying the wanton perversity -- but something interrupts your own mounting climax. Your eyes go wide as you feel a warmth trickle to the back of your throat. Cerise's eyes go wide, too.
 
Your mother is lactating.
 
Her milk comes out in warm pulses and quickly fills your mouth. You have no choice but to swallow or down. Cerise is less prepared for the assault, and the creamy white fluid pours down her chin and across her tits. Mom sighs and holds both of you to her breasts.
 
You release her nipple just long enough to say: "I'm cumming again."
 
Cerise shudders in your embrace. Mom forces your lips back over her nipple and pants: "do it, then! Cum inside your sister! Make her pregnant, baby! Fuck! Fuck!"
 
As you guzzle down her sweet, almost sugary milk, you fill Cerise's spasming pussy with burst after burst of your own milk. She shrieks in ecstasy, her voice muffled by her mother's breast. Her face and body are blurred underneath the slathering milk covering her. You cum, and cum, and cum.Oh fuck, here it comes. You're dumping another scalding load of jizz directly into Vivian's over-full cunt. It's your third of the night so far, and all three have gone inside her. Vivian lies under you in her bed, on her back, knees bowed with the heels of her feet touching. Her ass is half-submerged in the milky pool that all your cumming has created. Her bald little pussy is totally smeared and coated with it, too. She's a nasty mess.

You gulp and pant as you paint her insides even whiter. She grins perversely, and enjoys the high of getting cummed inside: more slop for the piggy. The feeling of cum racing through your dick and out the throbbing cockhead is always a joy -- but especially when you get to nut inside a hole this small and soft. Vivian's pussy is so tight that whenever you drop a load inside it, you have to flex your abs to force all of the cum out. Even with that assistance, it doesn't squirt so much as just wetly ooze, over the course of about ten seconds, as your expanding cock stretches her to her very limits. You dribble pulse after pulse of semen inside her; and, with nowhere to go, the semen dribbles right back out, all around the union of your bodies, and down her stippled thigh, to join the mess already splattered across the bedspread. It's a powerful fucking orgasm indeed, the tightness of Vivian's body drawing it out to an almost painful duration. You can't help groaning "ooooh," over and again as you sperm her.

Even after that third climax, you keep going. Propped on your elbows as you hump, you lean bodily forward and meet Vivian's lips with yours. Her facial muscles are lax and her expression is blank. But she has enough awareness left, just barely, to return the kiss. You join yourselves at both ends, cock in cunt and tongue in mouth, violating this small girl as utterly as you can. She loves it, of course. Although she has a burgeoning relationship with Amber, she will always be a slave to your dick: it turns her from an elegant and refined baroness of industry into a disgusting whore begging for a couple extra squirts of cock-slime. This is the true Vivian Darkbloom, the girl beneath you sucking on your tongue and orgasming like an idiot with her cum-drenched pussy. Her naked body, so anemic and fragile-looking, feels as if it will break at any second as you lie atop her. You're going to fuck her broken. That's what she wants: she wants her insides to break on your horny cock.

You know that's what she wants because she tells you so. Her slurred whining between kisses is hard to decipher, but she means it: "Alabashhhterrr... you're breakinggg meee... do it harderrrr..." 

You taunt her. "I already came inside you three times. Shouldn't you share?"

She shakes her head violently side to side, ruffling the pillowtop. 

"Greedy slut," you grunt.

Circling around the bed with a camcorder in hand, a naked Dr. Carte asks: "Is that true? Are you a greedy slut?"

"Yesh," Vivian says. Zero hesitation.

Dr. Carte gets up onto the bed on her knees, and zooms the camera's viewfinder up close to the messy spot where your cock is driving in and out of the girl she helped raise. Her other hand slowly tickles her own clitty. She sweeps the camera across Vivian's nude body to capture it in all its lurid detail, and finally focuses on the girl's face:

"Say hello to everyone at home," Dr. Carte instructs.

"You're not really going to post that somewhere, are you?" You ask.

"Hmmm. Maybe~" she says teasingly.

Eyes half-lidded, Vivian faces the lens and focuses on enunciating: "Hello all you perverts," she manages. "I hope... I hope..." she gulps hard, and finishes: "I hope you masturbate to my degradation..."

"Give them a peace sign," you say.

Vivian does as ordered, holding up two fingers by her slackened mouth. It's perfect.

"Are you a greedy slut?" Dr. Carte prods again. "Tell them what you are."

"Yeshhh!" Vivian wails. Her neck muscles strain and twitch. Still with the peace sign, she makes her declaration crystal clear for the camcorder: "I am a greedy slut cunt bitch... I am a disgusting whore! Watch me cum!"

And cum she does. Her little pussy-hole flutters and then she squirts all over your drilling dick. The fragrant smell of her cream joins the stench of raw sex in the room. It makes the slurry of semen underneath her a little less viscous. Dr. Carte captures it all on camera. 

"You are greedy," Dr. Carte says. "Aren't you going to let him jizz inside me once?" 

"No... no..." she says hoarsely. She gives up on speaking clearly. "In me... it hasssh to be in meee..."

"Fucking toilet," you sneer.

"Yesh."

"How much is it worth to you?" You ask. You lean back a bit, to make room for Dr. Carte, who's swinging her knees over Vivian's head to straddle it. From this vantage, Dr. Carte has the perfect bird's-eye view of your raping dick and how completely it dwarfs young Vivian's child-sized pussy. The position also means that Dr. Carte's own horny pussy is dripping steadily right on Vivian's face, furthering her humiliation. 

"W-- what...?" Vivian asks. 

"How much is another load of cum in your cunt worth to you?" You say. "How much are you willing to pay for it?"

Dr. Carte can't resist gyrating a little, slowly raising her butt up and down to repeatedly mash her hot pussy against Vivian's wet face. If Vivian won't let you share, Dr. Carte will take her pleasure this way instead. Every time she pulls back up, little threads of her pussy juice cling between her genitals and Vivian. 

"$500?" You say.

"Yesh," Vivian says. She wriggles around a bit, her rail-thin body shuddering with the force of your marathon fuck-session. 

"$10,000? A million?" 

"Yesh! I don't care! Anything! Jusht cum inshide meeeee!"

"All right. I'll cum inside you one more time for a billion dollars," you tell her. 

Dr. Carte focuses on Vivian's disbelieving face. "What... a billion...?" Vivian slurs.

"Oh, I guess you don't want it after all," you say. You pull your cock out of the warm sheath of Vivian's cunt.

She weakly reaches out for you, both elbows locking. "Wait! No!" 

You thrust back into her. She goes limp again, bites her lips, rolls her eyes in lustful pleasure. Dr. Carte languidly fucks her face. 

"One billion dollars and I'll give you another couple squirts of cum," you say. "That's the deal."

"Okay," Vivian says, her voice distant and apathetic to the cost. Her eyes are shimmering, and she smiles up at you. "Asssh long asssh you cummm in here... in h-h-hhereee..." She pets her tiny tummy with a tiny palm. "F-f-fill my womb... I'll do anything... I don't care..."

"There you go," Dr. Carte narrates for the video, "that's all it takes to get Vivian Darkbloom's riches. Just promise to cum in her uterus."

"Yesh."

It's a great deal, you have to admit. Nevermind the fact that you were planning to cum in her anyway. You get your cock buried as far as it goes, enjoying the way her bruised cervix hugs your shaft like an undersized onahole. You sigh and let it happen: a delicious, shiver-inducing fourth orgasm inside Vivian's little body. The semen comes out of your dick in thick glops and seeds her deepest parts, just as she wanted. 

She cums again too, screaming, but Dr. Carte cuts it off by sitting on her face. Rocking back and forth, Dr. Carte gets herself off all over Vivian, keeping the camera steady to capture the moment you defile her already-defiled pussy. When she's had her fill of rubbing her cunt on Vivian, she slides off her face with a squelchy noise and settles on the pillows, allowing Vivian to rest the back of her head in her lap.

At last you finish jizzing. Even for you, this has been a banner night. Completely sated and tuckered out, you unmate your still half-erect dick from Vivian's steamy cunt.  Like a plug from a bathtub drain, your cock's exit from Vivian's little body unleashes a whirlpool of frothy liquid. Dr. Carte, ever the helpful camerawoman, gets it all down on video. You wonder whether she'll really post it. Or... maybe even better... it could be used to blackmail Vivian into doing all sorts of new, horrible and degrading things. 

Vivian is lying in a nasty puddle of cum, yours and hers. But she isn't satisfied with even that: "Wait... you're not done yet... are you...?"

"I couldn't possibly cum again," you say. "Not even for all the money in the world..."

Dr. Carte slowly parts Vivian's matted hair from her face, as Vivian says: "I want more... more cum, pleasshee..."

You stare blinkingly down at her. Then up, at Dr. Carte, who's smiling in debauched amusement. "There's plenty left over, isn't there?" Dr. Carte asks. You and Dr. Carte have the same idea at the same time: you each yank Vivian around by her hair, and force her face-down into the soupy mess that seeped from her pussy.

"Here's the cum you wanted," you spit. "Clean up after yourself, cunt."

"Mmmmmfff," she mutters deliriously, sucking and licking at the mixture. "Yesh, of courrshee..." Jaw hanging open, she draws her little pink tongue in lazy circles.

For minutes on end, piggy little Vivian Darkbloom feeds on your commingled fluids, slurping it all down into her hungry tummy. She sucks and licks, drinks and chews the clumpy wads of cum until it's all gone, and the only thing left is a huge wet stain on the covers. By the time it's all over, you swear you can see just a little bulge in Vivian's almost anorexic belly.

Dr. Carte, who's not shy at all about getting messy herself, curls up with Vivian on the soiled bed. Vivian is completely sapped from the abuse, and close to unconsciousness. Dr. Carte kisses her all over, her lips traveling across Vivian's sloppy body. From the young girl's skin, she licks and suckles the mix of sweat and cum -- yours and Vivian's.

As you pull on your underwear, you ask: "How are you going to pay me? I'll take some of your stock positions if that would be easiest for you."

Vivian smiles wanly at you even as Dr. Carte's lewd mouth continues its ravishment. "You are quite the comedian, Alabaster."

"I'm not fucking joking," you say. "Do I look like I'm joking? You owe me $1 billion."

Vivian's eyes turn to saucers. "You-- cannot be serious--"

"Now, now," Dr. Carte purrs. She pecks Vivian on the forehead. "You did make a promise, didn't you?"

"But I..."

"If you don't pay him... I might be forced to post the video we made, after all..."

See? Blackmail is so fun. Vivian is breathless with frustration and helplessness.

Dr. Carte kisses her soothingly on the lips. "Welcome to the Nail House, honey," she says.>3:23 AM
 
By now, both of you are struggling to remain awake. Ms. Carte is dozing off as she reads you questions from her index cards. Far from energizing you, Mom's pie -- like all of her desserts -- has the quality of inciting drowsiness.
 
"What is the..." her head droops to a critical point that causes her to snap awake again. "What is the name of The Beatles' first LP?"
 
"Please Please Me."
 
Ms. Carte smiles wanly. "Alabaster... that's a little forward, don't you think?..." Her head starts to droop again.
 
"No, that's the answer..." You're not doing much better, yourself. A silence settles over the room and you find your head drooping as well. Soon your ears are resting against Ms. Carte's chest -- now shirtless once again.
 
"Alabaster--" Ms. Carte whines, writhing around and waking you up. "That tickles..."
 
"Say, why do you have all these notecards full of questions? I've been meaning to ask..."
 
"I used them when I was in quiz bowl."
 
Your head starts drooping toward her breasts again. This time you catch yourself. "I need an IV drip of coffee or something."
 
"Shut up. Now, let's see... okay, what is the strait that separates Istanbul from the rest of Turkey?"
 
"The Bosphorus... please don't remind me of Turkey, I'd rather not think about it."
 
Ms. Carte's head falls backward this time, and her whole body follows, slumping to one side. This startles her awake again.
 
"This is bad," you say. "We need some way of staying awake."
 
Ms. Carte blinks heavily a few times. "I think I have an idea," she purrs.
 
>3:45 AM
 
Ms. Carte leaves the bathroom dressed like an explorer going on a six-month trek to the south pole, complete with the goggles.
 
"I completely don't understand," you say.
 
"Lightning round," she says. "For every question you get right, I lose a piece of clothing."
 
You stare at her, jaw slack.
 
"You know, I just got done telling my mom you're not a slut trying to lure me into sex."
 
Ms. Carte walks over to the couch, shimmying her hips -- or at least you think so. It's difficult to tell under all those layers.
 
"Who led the first European expedition to Florida?"
 
"Ponce de Leon."
 
Ms. Carte peels off the goggles and throws them to the side.
 
It's going to be a long night.
 
>4:20 AM
 
Ms. Carte is down to only three parkas and a few pairs of pants. She starts asking you sports related questions. When you get one right, she resorts to taking off a single earring for your reward.
 
"You're cheating," you complain.
 
"Cheating would be to make you ditch a piece of clothing every time you get one wrong."
 
"Hmph."
 
>4:51 AM
 
"...diatoms?" you say.
 
Ms. Carte takes off her last coat. You can actually see her arms now. Her shirt is absolutely drenched in perspiration. You hadn't considered how uncomfortable she must be in all those layers.
 
>5:13 AM
 
"Another earring? Seriously? You owe me your pants."
 
"I owe you nothing!"
 
>5:15 AM
 
"Wearing two pairs of earrings was definitely cheating."
 
"Stop whining."
 
"Your pants are mine, Ms. Carte. Fucking bank on it."
 
>5:31 AM

Ms Carte arches her back and lifts her butt off the couch, peeling away her pants. She has nothing left on but her bra and panties. She's a flushed, heaving, overheated mess. Through your exhaustion, your body buzzes with lust. You can feel your eyeballs vibrating. You want to pin her down and lick every square inch of her tired body.
 
"Congratulations," Ms. Carte says. "You win."
 
"...what."
 
"Wasn't that fun?"
 
"You've still got clothes on."
 
"What, you expected me to get naked for you? I'm not a slut."
 
You bow your head and groan with frustration and need. Ms. Carte loops an arm around your shoulder, leaning in close.
 
"Lightning round part 2," she whispers lowly. Your ear twinges from the tickly heat of her breath. Ms. Carte's hand finds your zipper and pulls it down. "One correct answer... one stroke..."
 
Ms. Carte pulls you free. Even though the room is overheated, the rush of air around your throbbing cock is refreshingly cool. Ms. Carte gasps, directly into your ear. You shudder.
 
"I'm sorry," she says. "It's just-- I've nev-- I didn't think..."
 
Her hand flexes daintily around your shaft. "It's... it's so warm," she breathes.
 
Ms. Carte pulls your balls out next. She stares at them intently, with the furrowed brow of a scientist at the microscope. She pokes and prods them gently.
 
"Alabaster, this might sound silly... do you know if yours is larger than average?"
 
"Huh? I don't know... why wouldn't you? I guess it's about average."
 
"There's no way... no way..."
 
She grips you again, tighter, around the base.
 
"Where was the first manned flight?"
 
"Kittyhawak," you moan.
 
Ms. Carte gives you one stroke, just as promised: up and then down. One slow, luxurious stroke. And that's it.
 
"Fuck," is all you can say, squirming, writhing, every nerve in your body begging for more.
 
"First moon landing?"
 
"July 20, 1969."
 
Up -- then down. A dollop of precum oozes out of your cockhead and over her clenched fingers. You whinny and bury your face in her neck, nuzzling her. "Please..." you say.
 
"Latinate classification for dogs?"
 
"Canis familiaris."
 
Up -- then down. You buck your hips wildly, trying to hump her clenched hand, but she pushes down on you with her other arm, the one wrapped around your shoulder, and keeps you pinned.
 
"Follow the rules~" she chides.
 
"Let me cum. Let me cum. Let me cum!!"
 
"Oh, no. Not until after the competition. Sexual release before a major competition clouds your mind..."
 
Your blood runs hot and fast with need. Some distant part of your brain says that this is karma for how you treated Rose. Ms. Carte's grip on your tightens. You nip her neck. You can taste the salt of her sweat, feel it on your tongue.
 
She breathes sharply, and gives you a bonus tug. Your precum leaks in a continuous stream.
 
It's going to be a long night.
 
>7:10 AM
 
You feel your grip on sanity beginning to loosen.
 
Ms. Carte's hand, not to mention your thighs and crotch, are completely coated in your precum. The whole room smells of sex.
 
After every few minutes of questions, she stops to give you a few quick bonus strokes -- never more than 9 or 10 -- taking you to the very brink and before abruptly stopping.
 
"I'm begging you..." you say.
 
"Begging gets you nowhere." She bites your ear.
 
>12:01 PM
 
You're dead. Your body has left the physical realm and is floating in some extra-dimensional space, far away from here. You've become a mindless, question-answering automaton. You're pulling out answers you never had any idea you knew. You're even getting the damn sports questions right. Anything for an extra stroke, one more delicious moment of Ms. Carte's palm sliding up and down your glistening, pulsing shaft, one more electric thrill rushing from your cock up your spine.
 
"I need to cum," you rasp. "Oh god..."
 
"After the competition," she says, smiling.
 
"I can't wait."
 
"I hope you can. Because I don't want it in my hand."
 
"...What?"
 
"I want you inside me, Alabaster."
 
"Fuck. Oh god."
 
"I want you to cum in me."
 
You pant and moan, shifting your head side to side. Ms. Carte grips you hard at the base to keep you from popping off. Your balls and glans both ache sweetly. Your temples throb.
 
Ms. Carte whispers in your ear seductively. "But only if we win... only if we win, you can fill my womb with seed..."Your room is cozy and plushly carpeted, just like any decent bedroom back in the states would be. But the house's central air conditioning can't do much against the oppressive tropical atmosphere. You lie naked on top of your covers, tossing and turning, and sweating. The buzz of insects outside doesn't do much to lull you, either.
 
In the darkness, you hear your door click open and see a shadowy form slink inside.
 
"Are you awake?" comes Ms. Carte's voice.
 
"Yeah," you mumble.
 
She comes over and lies in your bed with you, uninvited. Not that you mind. She runs a hand idly up and down your bare chest.
 
"You're all sticky," she says. "You didn't start without me, I hope."
 
"It's the humidity..." you say.
 
Ms. Carte leans forward and in the moonlight, you see her dart out her tongue. You hiss in surprise as she runs it across your nipple, the wet surface as smooth as the inside of her pussy. She teases your nipple to hardness, savoring the thin coating of sweat on your heaving chest. You hold the crown of her head in your hands, enjoying the strange new pleasure.
 
Finally, wordlessly, Ms. Carte takes your hand in hers and guides it to her crotch. You realize that she isn't wearing anything below her blouse. Your fingers brush against the damp landing-strip of neatly-trimmed hair above her cunt. You sweep your fingers back and forth, tickling her, and eliciting low giggles. She moves your hand lower still, and your fingertips come into contact with the soft, warm, inviting wetness of her labia.
 
"Fuck me," she whispers directly in your ear as you finger her sloppy pussy. Your scalp tingles from the warmth of her breath against your eardrum.
 
You roll over, straddling her. You kiss her, mashing your lips to hers, merging your mouths into one. But just as you seat your cock inside of her and she gasps in sudden pleasure, your door opens again -- and Whitney enters the room.
 
"Tch-- geez, Ally!"
 
You groan, fucking yourself in and out of Ms. Carte's lewdly squelching cunt. Even being caught like this, you can't stop. You grip Ms. Carte's ass and spread her cheeks as she buries her face against your neck and bites her thumb.
 
"H-hi," you stammer. "Want to join in?"
 
"Of course I do, you stupid jerk! You should have invited me before starting!"
 
She climbs onto the bed, waddling across the mattress on her knees, to peer lovingly at the spot where your genitals are mated wetly with Ms. Carte's. She runs a palm up and down Ms. Carte's madly humping ass -- and then, without warning, she gives Ms. Carte a sharp spank.
 
"Ghh--!!" Ms. Carte chokes, but her pace quickens against you. Her roiling pussy clamps down around you and sucks your pulsing cock almost to her cervix. You turn your head to the side and suck one of her nipples into your mouth, nipping at the tender, delicate pink nubbin with your teeth.
 
"Nnngh--" Ms. Carte chokes, again. She's being overwhelmed, her pussy stuffed full of your hard, raw dick, her ass getting molested by Whitney's pervertedly curious hands, and your tongue swirling around her nipple. Only recently she was a virgin, and now she's getting worked over like a trained whore.
 
"Let's see how you like this," Whitney purrs. She jabs a thumb into Ms. Carte's cute little asshole and then twists it.
 
"Ugggfff--!!" Ms. Carte is delirious now, pain mixing with pleasure. You hug her curvy body close and jackhammer her cunt with deep thrusts. Your bed squeaks and your skin slaps against her as you bottom out inside her deepest parts.
 
"No fair," Whitney pouts. "I need some relief, too..."
 
"Come here," you beckon. She gets the message.
 
She circles around. You push Ms. Carte upright as she wiggles out of her bikini bottom. Swinging one leg over your head, Whitney straddles your face. Your nose fills with the tangy musk of her arousal. Her wet, horny pussy drips its love on your forehead, cheeks, eyes, and lips.
 
And then Whitney slams down, rubbing her slimy pussy directly against your face. Your let your mouth hang open and collect her nectar on your tongue as she rides you.
 
"Fuck, fuck!" she pants. She interlaces her fingers with Ms. Carte, keeping the two of them steady as they use you to get off. Ms. Carte grinds against you, taking you all the way, as Whitney luxuriates in the decadent pleasure of your lapping tongue.
 
You can't see it, but you can hear the wet, muffled mewls of Whitney and Ms. Carte sucking on each other's lips, violating each other's mouths.
 
Sweat, drool, and sexual emissions coat all three of you in various places as you lewdly mate, getting closer and closer to orgasm. Ms. Carte's hot cream coats your balls and pools on the sheets under you, ruining them. And Whitney's cream coats your face, pouring out too much for your overtaxed mouth to drink down. It runs in tiny streams down your temples and cheekbones. So too do Whitney and Ms. Carte's mingled saliva drips down in viscous ropes against your chest.
 
Neither of them have any shame as they soil you, your bed, your body.
 
Whitney's engorged, puffy labia begin to quiver and she cries out: "Ohhhh-- Oh fuuuuck!" She throws her head back and cums all over your face. This sets you off. You blow a thick load inside Ms. Carte's mature, spasming womb.
 
"Is he cumming? Get pregnant!" Whitney shouts. "Let him knock you up!! Let Ally knock you up!" All Ms. Carte can do in reply is cry out her own orgasmic delight. Whitney kisses her again as you empty every ounce of cock-juice you have inside that tight, hot, slutty hole.You pass a billboard that advertises a motor lodge on the next exit. You look at one another and shrug. By now it's 1:30 -- you're all exhausted.
 
Bleary-eyed, the three of you stumble into the lobby of Comfy King Motor Lodge, which advertises a nightly as well as an hourly rate. More importantly, the sign outside says No ID's are required.
 
It's not the cleanest place you've ever seen: a roach skitters by on the grimy tile floor as you step inside. An unbelievably rotund specimen of a man sits at the faux wood check-in counter.
 
"Wait," you say. "You guys have any money?"
 
"No," Cerise says. "Don't you?"
 
"God, you're so useless," you cry. "If you're going to whore yourself out, the least you can do is keep a little pocket change around."
 
"Get bent. I didn't expect to have to shell out for a motel room when we left. And what kind of guy walks around without a wallet?"
 
"Will you two assholes cram it?" Whitney says. She pulls a velcro wallet from her back pocket. "I've got a little cash..." she counts it and then looks sheepishly up at you. "Uh, I guess two of us are gonna have to share a room."
 
[ ] I'll bunk with Whitney.
[ ] I'll bunk with Cerise.
[ ] I want to sleep alone because I'm literally that fucking retarded.
[X] TIE VOTE

"Why waste the money?" Cerise asks before you can decide. "We can all three sleep in the same room." She calls out to the fat man at the counter. "Hey, lardo! You got any triples open?"
 
"Singles only," the fat man grunts, scratching his stomach.
 
"We'll figure it out, I guess," Whitney says.
 
Unit J01 is a corner room at the back of complex. As you approach, you can hear dogs barking on the distance. Hundreds of moths flutter in the lights hanging on the stucco walls outside. The interior isn't any more promising: a single twin bed with a busted coin-operated vibration mode, and a busted TV. The paneling is yellowed with age. You could just about touch opposing walls with your arms spread out.
 
At your request, the fatass bellhop gave you two extra comforters and some extra pillows, but there's still the question to settle of who gets the bed.
 
"Not me," Whitney yawns, stretching her back luxuriously. "I don't want scabies. You two clowns can fight over it."
 
Rock-paper-scissors is always a joke when you play with Cerise. No matter how many times you throw, you always tie. You play rock, she plays rock. You play paper, she plays paper. It's like some kind of eerie telepathy. Tonight is no different.
 
After a few minutes of this, Whitney groans in protest. "Shut up already. Hanging out with you guys is such a drag. Ally, just give your sister the bed you assmunch. What about chivalry, huh?"
 
Cerise crawls into the bed before you can agree to this, rubbing her temples. "I need a drink..." she grumbles to no one.
 
"This is shit," you complain. "Why do you always take Cerise's side? You hardly even know her."
 
Cerise has already kicked off her shoes and is underneath the covers, halfway to sleep. "Here," Whitney says in conciliatory tone, fluffing her pillow and sliding it a little to the side. "We can share beddings. It'll be more comfortable that way."
 
You look down at her lying on the floor and see a glint in her eyes you're not used to seeing. The remembrance of what happened in the locker room two days ago plays through your mind's eye.
 
"Come o-o-on, Ally~" she mews, patting the ground. Slowly, you put your blanket down next to her.
 
It's hard to sleep with Whitney cuddled up beside you, you soon find. You didn't ask her to do this -- you figured you'd keep to your own sides -- but as soon as you lied down, she turned over and wrapped her arms around you, complaining that she was chilly. Her breaths are slow and measured against your chest, and you can feel the warmth of them even through your cotton tee. You try to doze but every time you open your eyes, she's just staring up at you in the dark.
 
"Jesus, that's creepy," you finally say, just to break the silence. "What are you looking at?"
 
Whitney's legs wrapped around yours squirm a little. Her well toned calf muscles tense against yours, giving you a weird sensation of supple firmness. "I dunno," she says. "I'm just excited. We're on an adventure."
 
"Don't be stupid," you manage, sounding really stupid. Whitney gives you a playful slug on the hip.
 
"You were cute in those spats," Whitney says, her voice suddenly silken. You feel a jolt of adrenaline. "They fit you. I mean, they didn't fit you-- that's what made them fit."
 
You feel yourself flush and hope she can't see it in the dark. Trying to keep your voice from shaking, you say: "I don't get it. I thought you were a dyke."
 
Whitney laughs, burying her face in your chest so the sound is muffled. The vibration of it tickles you and makes you writhe around, but not uncomfortably. When the laughter subsides, Whitney looks up, her eyes two bright orbs in the dark. "It's complicated."
 
You mull that over for a few moments. Whitney goes still in your arms, but then she wiggles herself up onto her elbows in order to see you better.
 
"You know," she says, "I thought all that time training on your video games taught you how to handle a situation like this a little bit better."
 
"What?"
 
"You're a fucking stupid jerk is what," she says, and kisses you wetly. You don't know how to respond: your tongue lies dead in your mouth while hers probes and prods hungrily. She pulls back, a thin strand of saliva joining you.
 
"You suck at this," she says. "I'm going to have to teach you everything, huh?"
 
"What about my sister?" you say, dazed.
 
"Who gives a clumpy fuck?" Whitney hisses.
 
A red heat rises from your core and you grab Whitney by the shoulders, flipping her over so you're on top.
 
"Oooh, scary~" Whitney hums, her wrists pinned.
 
"You want me to fuck you?"
 
"No, I want you to paint me green."
 
You reach under the covers and pull her shorts partway down. She isn't wearing panties. You look back at her with disbelief, and in that moment Whitney must sense an advantage: she latches onto your mouth again, drawing you into another kiss. This time you move your tongue, but you keep bumping it against her teeth. You squeeze her face with both hands and redouble your efforts as if more force will make you better.
 
Her hands now free, Whitney reaches down and unzips your pants. When she pulls you already rock-hard out of your boxers, her back arches and she moans -- involuntarily? -- directly into your mouth. The hum travels down your throat like a ripple. You feel Whitney's feet kicking frantically as she snakes her way out of her shorts just far enough to permit entry.
 
You wag your hips a little, trying to find your way. Pulling back from her wanton mouth, you groan: "am I in?"
 
"No. Christ." She runs her hands through your hair with frustrated anxiousness.
 
"Now?"
 
Whitney sighs and wraps her legs around your waist, pulling you around in a split-second reversal of position. Now you're the one who's pinned.
 
"You're hopeless," she moans. She pulls off her shirt, grabs your hands, and guides them to her tits. The heat of them alone makes you shiver. Her nipples are already pert and prominent.
 
Reaching between you, Whitney grabs your cock and guides it home. She lowers herself into a kind of reverse missionary position and slides back onto you. You grit your teeth at the sudden sensation.
 
"NOW you're in," she coos. She grinds her pubis against your own, her deepest parts contracting and relaxing in a rhythm that feels like being milked.
 
"Is this your first time?" She asks tenderly. You don't reply. She stops moving; the milking motions stop. "Is this your first time?" she demands, voice low, not so tender now.
 
"Y-yes," you groan. "God. Yes."
 
She kisses you again. Her tongue is practically raping your mouth and you have no way to counter. She starts humping at a frantic pace, her lower half moving parallel with your bodies to maintain this topsy-turvy missionary position.
 
"Perfect," she whispers in your ear. "I knew you were a virgin. Tell me, is it better than your hand?"
 
"What? Of course it is--" you stop, hearing noise further back in the room. "Whitney," you whisper.
 
"Fuck me!" Whitney pleads. "Come on, move your fucking hips, you little pervert!"
 
"Whitney, my sister--"
 
There's definitely some kind of movement in the shadows by Cerise's bed now. You hear the soft squeal of bedsprings. Whether Whitney doesn't notice or just doesn't care, you can't tell.
 
"You can cum inside, Ally~" she says, and licks your chest. "Pour it all inside me, okay? As much as you can!"
 
There's a loud hiss from the bed like someone gasping through their teeth. The squeaking springs, soft at first, are now louder than the slapping noises of your copulation. There's no way Whitney can't hear it.
 
"Jesus," you say, sweating, mauling Whitney's tiny breasts with both hands, feeling the inevitable about to happen. "Are you safe? Is this safe?" you plead, suddenly growing panicked.
 
"Not at all!" Whitney cries, like she just won the lottery. "It's completely, 100% not safe!"
 
The squeaking from the bed gets louder, if such a thing is possible. You try to send the emergency signal to your arms to push Whitney off of you before it happens, but your body is no longer your own. Your hips move to meet Whitney's thrusts without your conscious effort.
 
"Whitney, really-- I'm gonna-- I can't hold--"
 
"Do it! Do it! I don't care!"
 
With a wet, far-off sounding splash and a guttural moan, you let go, and paint Whitney's womb with your cum. Whitney howls and collapses against you -- and there's another voice in the room howling now, too.
 
GIRLS FUCKED: 1/6Whitney's mansion has a tea room. That's what the floorplan and the realtor both called it, anyway, although it hardly gets used for tea. It actually hardly gets used for anything, despite being furnished with settees, chairs, rugs, and a small table. You had offered to convert it into a bedroom rather than force Noelle to bunk with someone else, but Noelle was adamant that she wanted to stay in the room she already had -- and then kept interrupting you when you were trying to pitch the idea to Kay. Well, at least Noelle's room has two beds. So they won't have to share.

Maybe it was for the best. It turns out that Vivian actually does appreciate the tea room for its intended use. She's begun using it daily for the taking of tea and crumpets. British expat in spirit, she is. She regularly asks others to join her -- "you are cordially invited to elevenses with me" etc. -- but seldom does anyone take her up on it. 

That's why you find it so strange when you get a text from Amber that Saturday morning: 

>Come to our tea party, mister!

"Our" implies more than one; and since Vivian is the only person you know who actually drinks the stuff, it's reasonable to figure that Amber actually did take Vivian up on her brunch invitation. A bold choice -- she must want some backup in dealing with Vivian's chuuni self. 

You make your way down to the tea room and find... roughly what you expected... and yet it still somehow surprises you.

A lacy white tablecloth lies draped over the round table, and the pale blue china is set out. Vivian, in full GothLoli regalia, parasol and veil and bodice and all, sits at the place of honor, her back to the bay window. She sips tea from a tiny cup, pinky extended, holding the saucer beneath. If where she sits is north on the compass rose described by the table, then at the western point sits Amber, wearing a tanktop and short-shorts; the platonic opposite of Vivian. Whereas Vivian is overdressed, elegant and fragile, Amber looks like she stepped out of the trailer park, her entire bearing low-class yet hale. At the eastern point of the table, sitting propped up on a stack of books in a chair, is a stuffed penguin you know as Johann -- Vivian's since childhood. At the southern point of the table, sitting similarly propped up on books, is a stuffed animal you don't know, a threadbare bunny with fat, floppy ears as long as its body. Just beside the bunny, in a second chair, is a teddy bear wearing an eyepatch -- that obscene thing Amber's classmates used to bully her.

"Hey mister!" Amber says. "Glad you could make it!"

Vivian slowly sets her cup and saucer back down. "Greetings," she says. "Thank you for joining us."

You uncertainly close the door behind you and step towards the table. Jumping up, Amber races to the wall and grabs a chair from along it, then comes back and places it at the table's northwestern side; jammed between her and Vivian.

"Uh, I think I'll sit here," you say, and pick up Johann to move him aside.

Vivian's voice, to the best extent it can, booms deeply: "Unhand me! Cad!"

Then she reaches out and takes Johann from you. She takes a moment to smooth his fur before setting him back atop his little throne of books. "Apologies," she tells the toy, "our guest clearly has a deficit of manners."

"You have got to be joking," you say.

"Gosh mister, that was really mean of you just now," Amber says. "Johann didn't do anything to you. Why do you gotta push him around?"

Shaking your head, you circle the table and sit at your appointed spot. This is where the girls want you, it seems.

"Sorry about mister," Amber tells Vivian, "I didn't think he'd be such a meanie."

"No matter. Do you take sugar?" Vivian asks you, as she pours you a cup from the intricately floral-patterned kettle. 

"Sure," you say. You have no idea what the fuck is happening right now.

"One lump or two?"

"Three," Amber answers for you. She leans in with her fingers clutching the lace tablecloth. "He likes things *sweet*. Isn't that right?"

"Yeah," you agree. 

Vivian uses a long, dainty spoon to plop one, two, three cubes of sugar into your cup. It might have been a little much for the volume of tea... but Mom's desserts have inured your pancreas to the ravages of diabetic shock. Vivian stirs for you, the spoon's edge scraping audibly against the cup's walls.

"Cream?" She asks.

"Oh, he definitely likes things creamy," Amber says.

Vivian tuts at Amber, but smiles all the same. She takes a small lidded vessel and pours, dispensing half-and-half. The tea turns from dark to pale umber. 

You take the cup in hand and blow on the surface of the liquid to cool it. Vivian glances Amber's way and titters a bit, knowingly, like she's in on a joke you aren't. You've never been a tea drinker, or of most any other hot beverage, preferring to get your caffeine fixes from cold sodas or energy drinks. But this stuff isn't too bad, especially sweetened up now as it is, and you slowly sip the sugary slurry. As you swallow, you nod at the stuffed bunny: "Who's that?" (Might as well play along.)

"That's Adolf!" Amber says. She takes the thing in her hands, and holds it up in front of her face. With one of the bunny's long arms, she, uh -- "waves" -- and with a high pitched voice she ventriloquizes: "Hi, Al!"

You grimace. "That's yours?"

Amber lowers Adolf to her lap, unobscuring her face. "Uh huh. I've had him since I was only little. We're friends."

"You named your stuffed rabbit after Hitler?" You say.

Amber gasps. "Wh-what? His name is Adolf! That's a perfectly normal name for a German bunny! It's the 14th most popular name for German bunnies, you know!"

Somehow you sense that she's used this story in the past.

Adolf cuts in, his fluffy butt covering Amber's face again: "Oy vey, what a maroon!"

"I know!" Amber agrees, turning Adolf in her hands to look him in the face.

You grab Adolf roughly between his ears as if palming a basketball, hoist him out of Amber's grip and set him back in his seat. Top-heavy, he falls with his back against the chairback, arms slumping and ears flopping.

"And who's that?" You ask, nodding now at the one-eyed bear.

"That's Plissken," Amber says. She cups her hand to her mouth and adds: "He's mute." 

You stare at Plissken, as if you're waiting for a response, and naturally, the bear says nothing. He's mute, after all.

Unbelievably, the girls have poured actual cups of actual tea for these inanimate toys; and now Amber, taking Adolf's cup in hand, pretends to give him a sip. She repeats this process with Plissken. Vivian does it for Johann. You feel like you're in an insane asylum.

"Johann and Adolf have gotten along famously," Vivian avers. "Although hailing from Antarctica, Johann also has German ancestry. The two have much in common..."

"They're both political, as a for-instance!" Amber chimes in.

"Plissken is overcoming his fear of others to socialize, as well," Vivian says. "He is warming up to us, I can tell."

You all look Plissken's way. He stares stoically back.

"Work in progress," Amber says. "Lotta trauma there..."

You roll your eyes and sigh.

Vivian turns to Amber: "How do you know this gentleman?" She asks her of you.

She shrugs. "I met him at my school one day! He seemed like he'd be pretty cool to hang around, but I didn't realize he'd be so *rude* to our other guests." She glares at you.

"How gauche," Vivian says.

"I expect this kind of stuff from Amber," you say, "but from you, Vivian? What's gotten into you?"

As always whenever Vivian acts haughty, her laughter genuinely sounds like "fufufufu~" -- it weirds you out.

You sip your tea a little more and then, setting your cup down, you tug at your collar. "Did you two turn the thermostat up, or what? It's like a fucking oven in here."

Amber, gasping theatrically, cups her palms to Adolf's prodigious ears. "Language!" She shouts. "Language, language, language!!"

"I think you have made a severe misjudgment of character," Vivian tells her. "This man is not an adequate guest for our tea party... no civility whatsoever..." And then, voice lowering to speak in Johann's stead: "I second the motion."

You chuff. "Fine. You two enjoy this weird little... whatever... without me, then." You push your chair away from the table and stand, but you almost collapse with a sudden rush of blood to the head. You brace yourself with a fist pressed to the tabletop. Your extremities tingle and your temples throb, your vision whorls. You blink it back to normal, and steady your shallow breathing. You notice at the same time Amber notices: that you have a massive erection tenting your trousers.

"Oh my gosh, mister!" Amber says. She points at it with a forefinger like a kid might point at a scary but interesting bug on a twig. 

Your throat is dry. When you try to speak, only a creaky groan comes out. You smack your lips, swallow hard, and try again: "I... fuck, sorry--"

"Language, language, language!" She's shielding Adolf's delicate ears again. "Geez, you're not a nice mister at all, are you? Cursing like that... and walking around like *that*-- at a little girl's tea party!"

Vivian's smug "fufufu~" comes again, and you give her a hard stare. The jigsaw pieces are starting to click into place inside your mind. "You..." you sputter. "Did you fucking drug me?"

"Now, why would I do that?" Vivian says. She perches her cheek against the back of her hand.

"You did--"

Amber is pushing your chair towards the table now, and the edge of the seat catches the crooks of your knees, and your legs buckle, and gravity slowly tugs you back down against your will. "There we go," Vivian says as she watches on, "sit and collect your bearings. We can afford you at least that much hospitality. Are you feeling all right? Have you become disturbed, somehow, or somehow ill? Are you a mite feverish?"

"You're crazy..." you pant. "You're both -- fucking nuts --"

Even as you say this, you're harder than you've ever been in your life. Your cock is so erect that it causes actual physical distress, makes your eyes water.

All of a sudden now, Vivian is in your lap -- facing you, straddling you. Her knees rest on the edges of the chair on either side of your thighs, the hoop of her dress concealing her butt as well as your lap. Beneath that cover, you can feel her pantied crotch -- it's damp -- pressing down directly on your straining member through your pants.

"What are you doing?" You grunt.

Cooing, Vivian shushes you, and says: "I need to check you for fever." She presses her fingers to your moist forehead, and delivers a prompt verdict: "You're burning up."

"Oh no!" Amber says. Still holding the chairback, she leans around it, pressing her cheek close to yours. She looks her friend in the eye. "It's really that bad?"

Vivian holds your cheeks in both her small hands, the balls of her palms just barely reaching to your chin. "Oh yes, I'm afraid so," she says.

"What should we do?" Amber says. "I know he's kinda weird, but I don't want him to be sick..."

"Hmm," Vivian murmurs. "I am uncertain." She wiggles around in your lap, purposefully grinding against your hardon. You feel the soft cleft of her pussy through the fabric, and an unbelievable heat emanating from it... did she drug herself, too? And Amber as well? Still clasping your face, Vivian gets as close as she can without kissing, and whispers: "What should we do about this, mister?"

The lust grips you and takes over. These fucking horny cunts want to get themselves fucked... you'll fuck them, all right.

You grab Vivian about her waist and spin her 180 degrees so her back is up against your chest. You run your hands up and down the black satin of her dress, the rococo frills and ribbons, the ruffled white lacework. You rest your chin on her shoulder and exhale hard through your nostrils as you feel her up. It makes her long raven hair billow. 

"nn..." Vivian gulps. "What are you doing...?"

You kiss her bare, thin neck. "I need to cool off... will you help me?"

"You believe this well help with your fever?" Vivian asks. 

"Yes," you lie, "it's a heat transfer -- stop squirming, now, okay?"

"Erm..." Vivian murmurs, indecisive, as your curious hands cup her flat chest. She has not even the hint of breasts evident under the dress's heavy material -- flat as a board. Just how you like it. She looks up at you from over her shoulder: "are you -- certain?"

"Oh, definitely." 

She rubs her thighs together and presses the weight of her butt against your leaky dick.

Amber, watching, says: "Hold on! If you're transferring heat, won't that just make Vivian sick instead?"

You shake your head, still groping Vivian. Reaching down, you tug the brocaded hem of her dress up, and bare her damp cameltoe. Amber giggles. "Vivian, you wet yourself!"

"I... I don't know why..." Vivian says dazedly.

You explain to Amber. "Vivian already has a fever, too. See? She's sweating down here."

Amber clasps the fanned-out fingers of one hand to her lips. "This is serious! She's already sick, too, then!"

You nod. "We have to transfer heat from both of us. It's the only way."

"How can I help?" Amber asks.

"Let's check you for fever too," you tell Amber. 

She feels her own forehead, eyes rolling up as if trying to see it. "I guess maybe I feel sorta weird... but I dunno..."

"No," you say, "you have to check down here." You loop an arm around Vivian's thin body and lightly brush your fingertips against her dewy panties. She draws a sharp intake of air through her teeth.

"um..." Amber says, voice small.

"Do it," you say firmly.

She hesitantly gets a thumb hooked in her waistband and undoes the clasp of her jean shorts. Then she slowly, slooooowly pulls the zipper. The denim spreads and finally you can see the stripes of her panties peeking out beneath, baby blue and baby pink -- and you can see that she's totally fucking wet right now. To confirm, Amber presses her palm down her pants, holding it to her crotch, and says: "Y-yeah... yeah, mister -- I'm all sweaty down there, too... what should I do?"

"We need to get you both naked," you say.

Vivian, in your arms, shivers. Amber takes a halting step backwards. "H-hold on a sec! We can't get *naked* -- that's weird!"

You're already undoing the elaborate series of catches and buttons on the back of Vivian's dress. She's too mortified to fight you. Her leaky little pussy is getting wetter by the second...

"Don't worry," you say. "This will help you cool off... I promise."

"Is this... is this really okay?" Amber asks.

"Of course," you tell her.

"But we're not s'posed to get naked," Amber says.

"I won't tell," you promise. "Are you going to tell anyone?" 

She shakes her head. 

"How about you?" You ask Vivian, staring over her shoulder, down at her translucent white panties. You suckle her neck, making her shiver anew.

"No... I won't tell."

"Then it can be our secret," you say. "And it'll help you feel better."

Breath shaky, body trembling, Amber peels off her tennis shoes, her shorts, and her tank. She wasn't wearing a bra, the fucking little whore, and the nipples of her barely-there tits are already hard and pointy. She hesitates at the final step, her thumbs and forefingers making a diamond against her darkly stained underwear. She stares abashedly at the ground.

"Those too," you order.

Reluctantly, Amber peels the sticky garment off her body. Stepping from them one leg at a time, her perky butt and puffy pussy come into view. Her vulva is tight and taut, but shiny with arousal. So fucking pretty. 

"Give those here," you beckon, and Amber fumblingly hands you her wadded-up underwear. She tries to cover her cunt with her hands; you swat them. "Don't," you bark.

Amber squeaks in pain and and fright. "M-mister--!" 

But she does as you command. She doesn't try to conceal her cunt from you. She blushes deeply as she stands there on display.

You help Vivian out of her dress, pulling it away with one hand as you hold her body steady with the other. You discard the thing in a heap on the floor, and following that comes her petticoat, then her bra, and at last your hands are tugging at her panties too -- unwrapping the young girl like a piece of candy.

"I still feel hot, mister..." Amber says. You stare at her nakedness unashamedly, devouring her with your eyes: her little B-cup titties, her dripping pussy. 

"This... is not normal..." Vivian says, her voice weak. "You're doing strange things to us... you're a pervert, aren't you?" 

"Yes," you admit plainly. 

She looks at her friend: "did you know this about him, when you invited him?"

Amber wrings her hands. "Um... uh, yeah... I'm sorry..."

"nn..." Vivian gulps again, as you force her panties off despite her feeble resistance, and set them with Amber's on the tea table. Both girls are nude save for their socks; Amber's not even covering her ankles, and Vivian's extending up past her knees.

"I knew mister was a weird mister..." Amber confesses. "Because h-he did weird stuff to me, back at school... and I thought... I th-thought it would be fun if he did weird stuff to both of us."

Vivian is always like a doll in your hands, but especially when she's naked and trembling. You have the feeling that you could break her in two if you're not careful... and you don't plan to be very careful. 

"My parents warned me of men like you," Vivian says. You stroke her little tummy up and down, enjoying the softness of her body. "Perverted men who... like to do things to little girls..."

"But you're perverted too," you whisper in her ear. Your fingers trace their way down, to the mound of her cunny, and run in circles against the slickness there. "This part of you is perverted. This little hole of yours is perverted... it's all wet and sticky because it wants me to do weird stuff to it..."

"Th-that's a lie," Vivian says. "That isn't-- nnn..." She tosses her head back against your collarbone as you rub the hard nubbin of her clitty. Her little fist clutches your shirt.

"Does that feel good?" Amber asks. "He touched me lots down there, too... and it felt really, really good for me..." she rubs herself obscenely with both hands, and even spreads the lips of her cunt apart with her thumbs. Like she's trying to show off, and simultaneously relieve the aching itch that grips her. It's not enough, and she whines: "I've been doing it myself, ever since... but it isn't the same as when mister does it..."

"Come here," you tell her. 

She steps up close. You grab her butt and roughly tug her even closer, startling her. Now both your hands are busy: you're molesting both these girls at the same time. Amber arches her back and juts her hips out to give you easier access. Both her hands grasp your forearm tightly for balance. Her eyelids drift closed in pleasure as you slip your fingers up the hot vice of her fuckhole.

Vivian tries to talk sense into her: "This man is violating us... we should stop him..."

Amber bites her lip and shakes her head. "No, no we shouldn't..." She looks lecherously up at her friend, and humps your fingers like they're a dildo. "...We should *fuck* him."

"A-Amber..." Vivian stutters.

"Mister's got such a nice dick, Vivian! Don't you wanna see it?" She looks over at you: "I do... will you get your dick out for me, mister?"

"Get it out for me," you tell her.

She giggles stupidly. "Welllll~ ... okay. Your hands are kinda busy, huh?"

She straightens her posture and steps yet closer still, your right hand's fingers never once exiting her cunt. Meanwhile you rub the side of your left hand's middle finger up and down the unbelievably wet, rubbery, lewd crease of Vivian Darkbloom's innie. She's like a human-shaped puddle of goo in your arms, utterly unable to fight this humiliating toying. And now her humiliation ratchets higher, as Amber reaches right between her pale legs, and under her pale butt, to find the zipper of your pants. She gets it undone and fishes your engorged dick out. You grunt in delight as you feel the cool air waft over it. It juts up from between Vivian's thighs, like the leg of a table, dark and enormous compared to her slight build. It throbs, pulses, and seeps prefuck like a faucet. Sitting in this position, it looks like it could push past her womb and into her diaphragm -- this fucking cock of yours could ruin her if you fucked her with it. You're definitely gonna fuck her with it.

You let your left hand fall to your side, and instruct Amber: "rub my dick against Vivian's hole for me. Jerk me off."

"Haha..." Amber laughs. "You really are a pervert..." But she does as instructed. She holds your cock by the root, down near the balls, and slaps it against Vivian's cunt. The skin-to-skin contact makes both of you groan, yours deep and lusty, Vivian's high and whiny. 

"See how wet your friend is?" You ask Amber. 

She nods. "Uh huh..." 

"That means she's a cunt," you say.

"Haha..." Amber coos. "You're a cunt, Vivian! Just like me!"

"Amber--" Vivian pleads. "Don't... don't look..."

"Has she ever been fucked before?" You ask. 

"Nuu-uhh," Amber says. "She's cherry, just like I was when you fucked me!"

"She won't be cherry for long," you growl. 

"That's what you like, huh?" Amber says coyly. "You like popping cherries, mister?" 

Vivian, mewling, clutches your shirt with both fists now, and writhes against you, looking pitifully up at you. "Please, mister, no... I don't want to have sex... your-- your p-penis is too big... it would never fit... I beg you... d-do not deflower me..."

"Call it a cock," Amber tells her. "That's what he likes." She wags that cock of your back and forth across Vivian's cunt, pushing the lips one way and then the other, and smearing your shaft with her lovely secretions. You enjoy the slick sensation of her juices lubing you up in preparation to 'deflower' her. 

You lift her up. Your fingers can almost touch each other wrapped around her waist; she's basically a living dicksleeve. You perch your chin on her shoulder and rasp: "I'm gonna put my cock in you whether you want it or not, fucking cunt. You should have thought about this before you drugged me."

"S-stop -- I'm s-sorry--!! No!!"

You thrust your butt upwards at the same time as you slam her downwards. Your cockhead splits her pretty hole open, forcing it impossibly wide, stretching it like a rubber band about to snap. You don't stop there, either; you jab her down over and over, forcing her too-small pussy to engulf your burning hot shaft entirely -- down, down to the wiry pubes around your crotch. They're such a contrast against her hairless mound. The chair creaks and the china clatters on the table. Vivian grits her teeth, her entire body seizes -- and then she screams in pain that isn't roleplayed. You're really fucking hurting her with the merciless force and speed of your balls-deep penetration. 

You grab, randomly, one of the pairs of panties off the table; Amber's. You pry Vivian's jaw open, fingers against her lower teeth, wad the garment up and shove them in her mouth. It shuts her up. "That's better," you snarl.

You start to fuck her, the flat of your other palm bracing the small of her back, humping up into her body as you sit in the chair. Vivian is still screaming, but it's muffled by the sodden cotton, and her frantic breaths through her nose are the only real noise to accompany your brutal, squelchy, slam-fuck rape.

"Whoooaaa..." Amber breathes. "You're really fucking her up, mister!"

She parts the hair out of Vivian's face and looks her in the eye. Vivian's expression is a whole panorama of emotions: fear, pain, betrayal... lust, perverted enjoyment, pleasure... Amber smiles back at her. 

"He's gonna shoot his white stuff in you," Amber says. "That's how babies get made. Maybe he'll make a baby in you?"

Vivian wrenches her eyes closed and shakes her head violently. She doesn't want a baby. But whatever she tries to say is unintelligible through her playmate's cunt-stained shimapan. 

"Kiss her," you tell Amber.

Amber, who's at least as much of a pervert as she says you are, winks at you. She takes Vivian's conservative white cotton panties off the table and wads them in her mouth in mimicry of Vivian; and then, through the dual gags, she presses her yawning mouth to Vivian's, and showers her in kisses. This is too delicious to miss out on yourself. So as you fuck Vivian's insides to a pulp, you join that lesbian kiss and turn it to a three-way makeout session, enjoying the taste and smell of those girls' panties, as well as their faces, their necks, their budding tits -- and Vivian's tears, too. She can cry, but the slut is still all juicy inside, and her puffy pussy spasms against your invading cock in a way that plainly proves how much it loves getting raped. Vivian likes getting her cunt busted open. She likes the way your dick bruises up her womb. You suck and kiss the girls' faces as enjoy raping her to the fullest possible extent.

"Get on your knees," you tell Amber. 

She does, without question. 

"Lick my balls."

She pulls the panties from her mouth and lets them dangle in the air, bridged to her lips by a long, viscous streamer of drool. "Aaaahhh," she says like a patient at the dentist. She rubs the slobber- and cunt-slime-coated thing against her pussy, masturbating with it, as she leans forward and begins to swab her dainty pink tongue around your nuts. It's nice and wet and smooth. She watches the way you fuck her pal, the way you rape her, from way up close, and helps you feel even better while you do it. What a good little girl, introducing you to her friend like this...

"Cum lots inside her, mister!" Amber says between licks. Her voice is all staccato and lusty. Telling you that gets her off, too -- you can hear the wet patter of her creaming in Vivian's panties. 

Vivian tries to say something, and you decide to let her speak; you tug the underwear from her mouth as well.

"M-m-m-m-ister," she says, shivering like a victim of hypothermia, "A-a-are, are you g-g-going t-t-t-to insem-m-m-menate m-m-m-eee?"

"Is that what you want?" You ask, viciously punctuating your syllables with hard thrusts into her. 

"Y-y-yes... y-y-yessshh..."

She swoons and collapses against your chest. Hands squeezing her tiny butt, you seat yourself in her uterus, and roar, a long, loud, "oooooohhhhh, fuuuuckkkk..." as your cock shoots off and you dump a load straight into her belly. Amber continues sucking your testicles as they tighten and spew their wad into Vivian; her lips purse into an O and her good eye shines bright as she watches Vivian's cunt getting sullied with your 'white stuff.' 

"Oh gosh," Amber marvels. "You really spermed a whole lot just now..." She gives a long, languid lick, up to where your cock is wedged in Vivian's fun-sized cunt, and adds: "How nice... you've got a new pussy to fuck, mister! Do you like the way it feels on your cock?"

"Fuck, yes," you heave.

"You'll still fuck my pussy too, right?"

"Oh yes... I'll fuck both of you..."

Vivian, still woozy, and high on cum, smiles wanly up at you. Her grippy cunt massages your dick in her well-honed way and keeps it hard.

As you pull out Vivian's body, Amber makes sure to catch the backflow of semen with the crotch of Vivian's panties. Then, when the milky white mess is all out of her and pooled there, she helps Vivian back into them -- mashing the sloppy mess against Vivian's cunt mound, and trapping it. Vivian's hands join Amber's at her crotch, and together they play: they take turns pressing the totally transparent, sticky, sodden garment against the contours of Vivian's cunny. They wedge it into her and pull it out, over and again. They giggle and laugh at their games. Their hands get shiny with the residue of your cum.

But Amber wants her turn. She leaps to her feet, bends over the table, and spreads her ass wide with both hands. Her fingers make dimples in her unblemished skin just below her ass cheeks; you see her pristine anus and her slightly parted pussy. 

Side of her face pressed to the table, she stares back at you. "Fuck me, mister, fuck me! Pour your white stuff in my hole, too!"

You let Vivian down onto the floor, step out of your pants and boxers, and mount Amber like the baby bitch she is. You fuck her doggy style, the table shaking underneath her, china collapsing to the floor, Johann and Adolf and Plissken lolling to their sides. Amber can just hold on for dear life, as you force your horny prick in and out of her cunny. You're even less merciful than you were with Vivian.

"You're such a pervert... such a pervert..." Vivian pants, rising to her knees. "Putting your cock in little girls like this... fucking them and shooting your white stuff inside them... don't you have any shame?"

"No," you grunt. "It's all your fault, you little sluts..."

"You're so mean, mister..." Amber whines below you. You shut her up by wrapping your hands around her throat and choking her. She gasps, but it's a gasp of enjoyment -- and she's smiling as you nail her even harder.

"Lick my asshole," you grunt at Vivian. 

Her lips curl as if she's disgusted, but she doesn't dispute the order. She rises up and parts the globes of your ass. With a small sigh, she licks your anus a couple times -- then sticks her tongue inside. Sitting on her besocked knees, wearing cummy panties, she rims you out as you fuck Amber within an inch of her life. There's no better feeling than that, a hot little tongue in your butt and a hot cunt wrapped around your dick. 

"Oooh," you're groaning again, "oh fuck, oh fuck--" you feel a couple deep, wet surges, your cock shooting internally, giving Amber the creampie she so desired. There's a huge volume of it, and it fills the tiny space of her pussy in no time. With Vivian kneading your balls to help you along even as she continues to lick you out -- a new, debauched idea enters your mind. You pull out of Amber's cunt with a slurp, gripping your dick by the base to stop your cum. The girls watch with interest as you take their teacups -- first Amber's, then Vivian's -- and squirt thick ropes of cum into both. The tea turns pale with your seed, although some of it misses the mark, splattering against the rim, and down the side, and onto the saucer too. 

No matter; Amber and Vivian enjoy your cream either way. With both girls now clad in nothing but socks and cum-drenched panties, they resume their seats. The china is scattered all around, sugarbowl on the floor, spilled tea staining the white lace tablecloth; the room stinks of cum and fucking, and there are spatters of your collective fluids smeared on the table -- it's not a refined scene at all. But daintily the little girls sit there, and drink the rest of their tea flavored with your cum. They lick up the last dredges of cream from the dishes when it's done. Long, slow, broad licks, savoring it from directly off the gleaming porcelain. They giggle at you while they do it.

A few minutes later, when they take a second serving, you give them a second helping of that cream, too -- they jerk you off in tandem, all four of their hands working your enormous shaft over, and coax your jizz out. They sit between your legs, kissing and masturbating you. You cum in Amber's mouth, a couple blasts; then Vivian's, a couple more; and when they sit at the table again they drool the milky load into their cups, stirring it all up.

"Thanks mister," Amber says, the cum still dribbling down her chin. 

"Yes," Vivian agrees, a bubble of cum popping on her lips. "You are a wonderful guest, after all."